{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleSymbols;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1133\margr1133\margb1133\margt1133
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Tetracyclines, Tetracycline Derivatives, and Chloramphenicol\
Matthew Moffa\
Itzhak Brook\
\uc0\u8195 \
Short View Summary\
Doxycycline\
\'95 The usual adult dose is 100 mg orally or IV every 12 hours.\
\'95 For patients with renal or hepatic failure, no dose adjustment is required.\
\'95 Common adverse effects include gastrointestinal upset, photosensitivity, rash, Candida vaginitis, and dental staining in children.\
\'95 Doxycycline should be avoided in pregnant or breastfeeding patients and should not be used >10 days in children <8 years old.\
\'95 There are no important drug-drug interactions.\
\'95 Indications are as follows:\
\'95 Used to treat rickettsioses, scrub typhus, ehrlichiosis, anaplasmosis, psittacosis, actinomycosis, pneumonia due to Mycoplasma pneumoniae or Chlamydia pneumoniae, Lyme disease, syphilis, rat bite fever, Chlamydia trachomatis infection (including cervicitis, urethritis, lymphogranuloma venereum, and trachoma), Whipple disease, and community-associated methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus infection\
\'95 Used in combination for brucellosis, tularemia, malaria, infection due to Helicobacter pylori, some rapid-growing mycobacteria, some filaria (Wolbachia), and Vibrio vulnificus\
\'95 Used for prophylaxis against leptospirosis, malaria, infections caused by tick bite (Lyme), sexually transmitted infections, and bioterrorism agents\
Tetracycline\
\'95 The usual adult dose is 250 to 500 mg orally every 6 hours.\
\'95 In patients with renal failure, the dose should be reduced.\
\'95 Contraindications, adverse effects, and indications are the same as for doxycycline.\
Minocycline\
\'95 The usual adult dose is 200 mg orally or IV, then 100 mg every 12 hours.\
\'95 In patients with renal or hepatic failure, no dose adjustment is necessary.\
\'95 Common adverse effects are similar to those with doxycycline, but with more vertigo.\
\'95 With regard to indications, doxycycline is usually preferred, although minocycline is preferred for nocardiosis.\
Tigecycline (A Glycylcycline)\
\'95 The usual adult dose is a loading dose of 100 mg, then 50 mg IV every 12 hours.\
\'95 In patients with renal failure, no dose adjustment is required.\
\'95 In patients with severe hepatic failure (Child-Pugh C), the dose is 100 mg loading, then 25 mg every 12 hours.\
\'95 Common adverse effects are similar to those with doxycycline, except that nausea and vomiting are more frequent. Other effects include anorexia, dry mouth, and dysgeusia. There is a small increase in mortality across all clinical trials; the US Food and Drug Administration has issued a boxed warning.\
\'95 Indications include complicated skin and skin structure infections, complicated intraabdominal infections, community-acquired bacterial pneumonia, and off-label use in combination with other drugs for infections with susceptible multidrug-resistant, gram-negative bacilli.\
Eravacycline (A Fluorocycline)\
\'95 The usual adult dose is 1 mg/kg IV every 12 hours.\
\'95 In patients with renal failure, no dose adjustment is required.\
\'95 In patients with severe hepatic failure (Child-Pugh C), the dose should be reduced on day 2 to 1 mg/kg every 24 hours.\
\'95 With concomitant use of a strong CYP3A inducer, the dose should be increased to 1.5 mg/kg every 12 hours.\
\'95 Common adverse events are infusion site reactions, nausea, and vomiting.\
\'95 It is indicated for complicated intraabdominal infections.\
\'95 There is a label precaution that it is not indicated for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections.\
Omadacycline (An Aminomethylcycline)\
\'95 The usual adult dose is 200 mg IV on day 1 (given once or divided into two 100-mg doses), followed by 100 mg IV daily or 300 mg orally daily.\
\'95 For skin and soft tissue infections, the loading dose is 450 mg orally once daily on days 1 and 2, followed by 300 mg orally daily.\
\'95 The oral formulation should be taken with water after fasting for at least 4 hours. After oral dosing, no food or drink (except water) should be consumed for 2 hours and no dairy products, antacids, or multivitamins for 4 hours.\
\'95 No dose adjustment is required for patients with renal or hepatic failure.\
\'95 Common adverse events are nausea and vomiting (higher rates with oral loading dose strategy).\
\'95 It is indicated for acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections and community-acquired bacterial pneumonia.\
\'95 It has a label precaution for small mortality imbalance in community-acquired bacterial pneumonia requiring close monitoring of patients, particularly those at higher risk for mortality.\
Chloramphenicol\
\'95 The usual adult dose is 50 mg/kg/day, divided into 6-hour doses. Chloramphenicol is available only in intravenous formulation in the United States.\
\'95 In patients with renal failure, no dose adjustment is required. The dose should be decreased or the drug avoided in patients with hepatic failure.\
\'95 Adverse effects include neutropenia, aplastic anemia, optic neuritis, gray baby syndrome (circulatory collapse in infants), and rash.\
\'95 There are no current indications for use; this agent has been replaced by safer drugs.\
Tetracyclines\
Historical Overview and Classification\
\
Tetracyclines have been an important class of broad-spectrum antibiotics since the discovery of chlortetracycline in 1948 by mycologist Benjamin M. Duggar. 1 They are bacteriostatic with a wide range of activity, including gram-positive bacteria, gram-negative bacteria, intracellular organisms, and protozoan parasites. Duggar derived chlortetracycline from Streptomyces aureofaciens, a golden-yellow bacterium found in soil. In 1950, oxytetracycline was isolated from Streptomyces rimosus. Tetracycline was later prepared by the catalytic dehalogenation of chlortetracycline in 1953 at Lederle Laboratories and was independently derived from oxytetracycline at Pfizer Laboratories during that same time period.2,3 Doxycycline is a semisynthetic derivative of oxytetracycline and became available in 1967. Minocycline, also derived semisynthetically, was derived in 1972.\
\
Shortly after the discovery of tetracyclines, widespread resistance was discovered, in large part because of their extensive clinical and nonclinical uses, including as growth promoters in animal feeds.4,5 This widespread use has selected for a large number of resistant determinants collectively termed the tetracycline resistome.6 This resistance led to a period of time when tetracyclines were replaced by newer antibiotics, such as the fluoroquinolones in the 1970s and 1980s. Page 331Like every other antibiotic, the fluoroquinolones would also succumb to the selective pressure of antimicrobial resistance, leading to the development of newer, semisynthetic tetracycline derivatives. In 2005, tigecycline became the first glycylcycline approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections and complicated intraabdominal infections (cIAIs). Later, in 2009, it was approved for use in community-acquired bacterial pneumonia (CABP). In 2018, three new tetracycline derivatives were approved by the FDA. Omadacycline, an aminomethylcycline, was approved for CABP and acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI). Eravacycline, a fluorocycline, was approved for cIAIs. Sarecycline, a 7-[(methoxy-(methyl)-amino)-methyl]methyl derivative was approved for the treatment of inflammatory lesions of nonnodular moderate to severe acne vulgaris.\
\
Tetracyclines as a class are commonly divided according to two distinct classification methods: duration of action or year of discovery (Table 25.1, Fig. 25.1). Short-acting tetracyclines include the first-generation oxytetracycline and tetracycline. Intermediate-acting tetracyclines include another first-generation member, demeclocycline. Of note, demeclocycline is rarely used for infections. Its main side effect is nephrogenic diabetes insipidus. Thus it has found its niche in treatment of hyponatremia in the setting of the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, first reported in the 1970s.7 Long-acting tetracyclines include the second-generation agents doxycycline and minocycline and the third-generation tetracycline derivatives tigecycline, omadacycline, eravacycline, and sarecycline.\
\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Tetracyclines all share a four-benzene ring as their core structure, with a hydronaphthacene nucleus (see Fig. 25.1). Variations in gastrointestinal absorption, affinity for multivalent cations, protein binding, and antimicrobial activity can be achieved with substitutions at carbons 5, 6, and 7 of the four-ring, six-membered carbocyclic structure, leading to variations in pharmacokinetic properties.3\
\
Tetracyclines work by inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis. This is accomplished primarily by reversibly binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit of the bacteria. This inhibits the enzyme binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the adjacent ribosomal acceptor site, which in turn prevents peptide chain elongation and inhibits protein synthesis.2 Because the binding of tetracyclines to the 30S ribosomal subunit is reversible, it is postulated that this is the explanation as to why they exhibit bacteriostatic properties. For tetracyclines to get to the 30S ribosomal subunit, they need to be able to penetrate cell walls, which is accomplished through passive diffusion. With gram-negative organisms, tetracyclines become positively charged cation complexes, presumably with magnesium. They then use OmpF and OmpC porin channels to cross the outer membrane. After entering the periplasmic space, tetracycline dissociates, resulting in an accumulation of uncharged tetracycline. With gram-positive organisms, tetracyclines penetrate through the inner cytoplasmic membrane via an active transport system that depends on the \uc0\u916 pH.3,8 Tetracyclines also reduce bacterial pathogenicity by suppressing adhesion of bacteria to human cells. This is likely achieved through inhibition of the synthesis of a specific protein in the bacterial cell surface.9\
\
Doxycycline displays additional protein synthesis inhibition in mitochondria through binding of the 70S ribosomes.10 This enables it to exhibit activity against various protozoa because they contain mitochondria. Doxycycline also targets parasites via the apicoplast ribosomal subunits in Plasmodium falciparum. This occurs late in the malarial cell cycle, resulting in the slow antimalarial effect of doxycycline.10,11\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Tetracycline\
\
Tetracycline hydrochloride comes in 250-mg and 500-mg capsules and in 125 mg/5 mL syrup. The usual adult oral dose is 250 mg every 6 hours or 500 mg every 6 hours for more serious infections. Larger doses do not provide additional benefit, and the excess drug is excreted in  feces. Page 332Intravenous preparations of tetracycline are no longer used owing to their potential hepatotoxicity. Acute fatty liver has occurred with large IV doses, particularly during pregnancy. Tetracycline is labeled category D and is to be avoided in pregnancy. It should also be avoided in children, particularly those younger than 8 years during the period of tooth development in order to avoid permanent discoloration. Children are also at risk for retardation of bone development.\
\
TABLE 25.1\
\
\
\
Tetracycline Formulations Currently Available in the United Statesa\
Generic Name	Major Brand Name	Preparation	Usual Adult Oral Dose	Notes\
First Generation\
Tetracycline HCl	\'97	Capsules: 250, 500mg	500mg q6h	\
Syrup: 125mg/5mL		\
Demeclocycline HCl	Declomycin	Tablets: 150, 300mg	150mg q6h or 300mg q12h	Used for syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion\
Second Generationb\
Doxycycline	Vibramycin	\
Capsules (hyclate): 50, 100mg\
Tablets: 50, 100 mg\
100mg q12h	\
Syrup (calcium): 50mg/5mL		\
Syrup (monohydrate): 25mg/5mL		\
Minocycline	Minocin	Capsules and tablets: 50, 100mg	200mg, then 100mg q12h	\
Suspension: 50mg/5mL		\
Solodyn ER tablets	Extended-release tablets 45, 90, 135mg	1mg/kg/day	\
Third Generation\
Tigecycline	Tygacil	Vial: 50mg lyophilized (reconstituted to 10mg/mL)	100mg, then 50mg q12h	IV only\
Omadacycline	Nuzyra	\
Tablet: 150 mg\
Vial: 100 mg lyophilized for reconstitution\
CABP: 200 mg IV, then 100 mg IV daily or 300 mg orally daily\
ABSSSI: same as above, or 450 mg orally daily days 1 and 2, then 300 mg daily\
Eravacycline	Xerava	Vial: 50 mg lyophilized for reconstitution	1 mg/kg q12h	IV only\
Sarecycline	Seysara	Tablets: 60, 100, 150 mg 	\
33\'9654 kg: 60 mg daily\
55\'9684 kg: 100 mg daily.\
85\'96136 kg: 150 mg daily\
Used for severe acne vulgaris\
ABSSSI, Acute bacterial skin and skin structure infection; CABP, community-acquired bacterial pneumonia; IV, intravenous.\
\
a\'a0Other brands are available for some of the analogues.\
\
b\'a0Second-generation agents exist in IV preparations and can be given at the same doses recommended for oral therapy (doxycycline 100-mg vial, 200-mg vial; minocycline, 100-mg vial).\
\
\
FIG. 25.1\'a0Chemical structures of various tetracycline antibiotics.\
Follow for extended description\
With renal impairment, tetracycline should be avoided because it can cause further deterioration of kidney function and the drug tends to accumulate in the serum.12 Tetracycline is slowly removed by hemodialysis, but not very well by peritoneal dialysis.13 Caution is advised in administering tetracycline in patients with hepatic impairment because this may result in liver damage.\
\
Doxycycline\
Doxycycline comes in various dosage forms, but most typically in both 50-mg and 100-mg capsules and tablets. It is also available as 25 mg/5 mL and 50 mg/5 mL syrup. The usual adult dose is 100 mg every 12 hours and should be taken with at least 100 mL of water. For malaria chemoprophylaxis, the adult dose is 100 mg daily. Occasionally an IV preparation of doxycycline is required for certain cases of rickettsial infections, ehrlichiosis, or severe psittacosis. The usual adult dose is 200 mg followed by 100 mg every 12 hours. The dose should be given over 30 to 60 minutes and should be dissolved in 500 to 1000 mL of glucose or saline.10 If prolonged IV therapy is given, phlebitis may result. Like tetracycline, doxycycline is also pregnancy category D and durations of therapy >10 days should be avoided in children. If the benefits of doxycycline outweigh the risks in children, the pediatric dose is 2.2 mg/kg every 12 hours.\
\
Unlike tetracycline, doxycycline is safe to use with renal impairment. Urinary excretion is reduced in renal impairment, but doxycycline does not accumulate in the serum because its gastrointestinal excretion increases.14 During hemodialysis, only about 10% of the drug is removed.15 With hepatic impairment, there are few pharmacokinetic data. Unlike tetracycline and minocycline, doxycycline does not appear to cause hepatitis.16\
\
Minocycline\
Like tetracycline and doxycycline, minocycline is primarily administered orally. It comes in 50-mg, 75-mg, and 100-mg capsules and tablets, and a 50 mg/5 mL suspension. There are also 45-mg, 90-mg, and 135-mg extended-release tablets. The usual adult dose is 200 mg followed by 100 mg every 12 hours. The dose is the same if minocycline is given intravenously. Each dose should be given over 30 to 60 minutes and must be dissolved in 500 to 1000 mL of glucose or saline.17 Like tetracycline and doxycycline, minocycline is pregnancy category D and should also be avoided in children. If minocycline needs to be given to children, the pediatric dose is 4 mg/kg followed by 2 mg/kg every 12 hours.\
\
With impaired renal function, various studies have shown contrasting results. Minocycline does not accumulate in the serum in patients with renal failure, and excretion in such patients is not significantly reduced.18,19 This is because only a small amount of drug is eliminated in the urine. Other reports have found that minocycline can exacerbate preexisting renal insufficiency and can possess a prolonged serum half-life, which is directly related to the severity of any renal insufficiency.20,21 With hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis, minocycline pharmacokinetics are not significantly altered.18,22 In cirrhotic patients, no changes for minocycline are observed.22\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
The absorption of the tetracyclines occurs primarily in the stomach and proximal small bowel. Tetracycline has a bioavailability of 77% to 88%, and maximum serum concentrations are reached 2 to 4 hours after standard doses with a serum half-life of 7 hours.2,23 Doxycycline is almost completely absorbed in the duodenum and has a prolonged serum half-life of 12 to 16 hours, with peak serum levels usually achieved 2 to 3 hours after administration.10 Minocycline is almost completely absorbed in the stomach, duodenum, and jejunum. It peaks in serum after 2 hours and also has a prolonged half-life of 16 hours after the first dose, and up to 21 hours after repeated doses.17,20,24\
\
Doxycycline and minocycline absorption are not significantly altered by the administration of food, with levels decreased by less than 20%.25,26 In contrast, tetracycline absorption decreases by approximately 50% when administered with food.26 Multivalent cations (such as aluminum, calcium, iron, and magnesium) chelate with the tetracyclines, resulting in a decrease in drug absorption by 50% to 90%. An interval of 3 hours between the ingestion of tetracyclines and cations prevents this interaction.27Page 333\
\
Drug Distribution\
The tetracyclines penetrate well into various body fluids and tissues. Protein binding varies among drugs. Doxycycline is the highest protein-bound drug, estimated between 82% and 93%, followed by minocycline at 70% to 80% and tetracycline at 24% to 65%.3,13,17,28 Tissue and fluid penetration differs on the basis of how lipid soluble each compound is. Doxycycline has been reported to be 5 times as lipophilic as tetracycline, and minocycline is 10 times more lipophilic than tetracycline.29,30\
\
Serum concentrations of tetracycline rise slowly after oral administration, and Cmax, depending on the dose, is generally in the range of 1 to 5 \uc0\u956 g/mL.28 Tetracycline penetrates readily into pleural, ascitic, and synovial fluids and placental-cord serum.2 In maxillary sinus secretions, tetracycline concentrations can nearly equal serum concentrations with repeated administration.31 However, tetracycline can be detected in only low concentrations in saliva and tears. Sputum levels of tetracycline in the range of 0.4 to 2.6 \u956 g/mL have been detected after oral administration of 250 mg every 8 hours.32 Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) levels of tetracycline are about 10% of the simultaneous serum concentration.2 Tetracycline penetrates readily into breast milk but chelates with milk, thus lowering its bioavailability.33\
\
The serum Cmax of doxycycline peaks at around 1.7 to 2 \uc0\u956 g/mL after oral administration of 100 mg.28 With oral administration of 200 mg, this increases to 2.6 to 5.9 \u956 g/mL. Doxycycline concentrates in the bile at 10 to 25 times greater levels than in the serum.34 In thoracic duct lymph and peritoneal fluid, doxycycline concentrations are about 75% of serum levels.35 In the prostate, doxycycline concentrations are up to 60% of serum levels.36 After an IV dose of 200 mg was given to patients with pleurisy, pleural fluid levels of doxycycline were 25% of serum levels after 2 hours.37 Blister fluid model studies have shown that interstitial fluid concentrations of doxycycline are 54% of serum levels.38 Lower levels of doxycycline have been noted in sputum (8%\'9625%), and in bone (2%\'966% orthopedic, 86% mandible), skin, subcutaneous fat, and tendon tissue.39-42 After a 200-mg dose of IV doxycycline, mean bone levels are higher in mandibular bone (2.6 \u956 g/g) than orthopedic bone (0.13\'960.2 \u956 g/g).40-42 In the CSF, doxycycline penetration has been studied in both neuroborreliosis and neurosyphilis. In patients with Lyme borreliosis treated with doxycycline 200 mg orally every 12 hours, CSF penetration was noted to be 15% with a concentration of 1.1 \u956 g/mL. At a dose of 100 mg orally every 12 hours, the CSF concentration was only 0.6 \u956 g/mL.43 In five patients with latent syphilis or neurosyphilis receiving 200 mg orally every 12 hours, doxycycline CSF penetration was 26% with a concentration of 1.3 \u956 g/mL, suggesting doxycycline as an alternative to penicillin.44 Like tetracycline, doxycycline penetrates readily into breast milk, with levels of up to 40% of plasma levels.33 Because it is less bound to calcium than the other tetracyclines, an infant being breastfed is at greater risk of side effects.\
\
After a single 200-mg dose, minocycline achieves a Cmax of 3 to 3.6 \uc0\u956 g/mL.28 Because minocycline is the most lipophilic of the tetracyclines, it penetrates the most readily into tissues and bacterial cells.45 The highest concentrations are found in the thyroid, lung, gastrointestinal tract, liver, gallbladder, and bile. Other tissues with concentrations higher than serum levels are the prostate, uterus, ovaries, fallopian tubes, breast, skin, tonsils, maxillary sinuses, and eyes.17,22,30,46,47 Minocycline penetrates into CSF better than the other tetracyclines but is able to achieve only low levels.18,22,30 Minocycline can gain higher concentrations in saliva than other tetracyclines, likely explaining why it is effective at eliminating meningococcal carriage.48 As with tetracycline, bioavailability in breast milk is low because of chelation with milk.33\
\
Drug Elimination\
The tetracyclines are each eliminated slightly differently. Tetracycline is eliminated primarily in the kidneys, and about 30% to 60% of an oral dose is excreted in the urine.2,3 The drug accumulates with renal insufficiency, which is why it should be avoided in such patients. About 20% to 60% is eliminated in feces.2 With doxycycline, usually less than 30% of an oral dose is renally excreted.3,49,50 However, unlike tetracycline, fecal excretion is increased in the setting of renal impairment and prevents accumulations of the drug. As much as 90% of doxycycline can be excreted in feces. Minocycline is extensively metabolized in the liver to produce at least six inactive metabolites. Only about 4% to 19% is eliminated by the kidneys, and 20% to 34% is excreted in the feces.19,22,30,51\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
The tetracyclines as a class have a wide spectrum of antimicrobial activity. Similar susceptibility patterns are displayed among the first- and second-generation members. They have activity against many aerobic and anaerobic gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, in addition to intracellular organisms and protozoan parasites. When interpreting minimal inhibitory concentration (MIC) results, tetracycline is generally used as the class representative. However, there may be times when specific testing for minocycline or doxycycline is warranted because some organisms may still be susceptible even when resistant or with intermediate resistance to tetracycline.\
\
Most bacterial organisms, including Enterobacterales, non\'96lactose-fermenting gram-negative bacilli, Staphylococcus spp., Enterococcus spp., and anaerobes, are considered susceptible to tetracycline when the MIC is 4 \uc0\u956 g/mL or less. At 8 \u956 g/mL, tetracycline is considered intermediately active. Resistance is defined as 16 \u956 g/mL or greater. Haemophilus spp., \u946 -hemolytic streptococci, and viridans-group streptococci have lower MIC breakpoints, with susceptible, intermediate, and resistant set at 2 \u956 g/mL or less, 4 \u956 g/mL, and 8 \u956 g/mL or more, respectively. Even lower is Neisseria gonorrhoeae, with susceptible, intermediate, and resistant set at 0.25 \u956 g/mL, 0.5 to 1 \u956 g/mL, and 2 \u956 g/mL or more, respectively. Streptococcus pneumoniae has susceptible, intermediate, and resistant breakpoints of 1 \u956 g/mL or less, 2 \u956 g/mL, and 4 \u956 g/mL or more for tetracycline, and 0.25 \u956 g/mL or less, 0.5 \u956 g/mL, and 1 \u956 g/mL or more for doxycycline, respectively. The susceptibility breakpoint of minocycline for Neisseria meningitidis is 2 \u956 g/mL or less.52\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Tetracyclines possess broad activity against gram-positive organisms, including community-acquired Staphylococcus aureus and S. pneumoniae. Data from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program from 1997 through 1999 evaluated the susceptibilities of 15,439 clinical isolates of S. aureus and 6350 clinical isolates of coagulase-negative staphylococci (CoNS).53 Samples were taken from various parts of the globe. In the United States, 94.2% of methicillin-susceptible S. aureus (MSSA) strains and 83.7% of methicillin-resistant S. aureus (MRSA) strains were susceptible to tetracycline. Results were similar in isolates from Canada, whereas those obtained from Latin America, Europe, and the Western Pacific had much lower MRSA susceptibilities to tetracycline, 17.8% to 41.4%. In the United States, CoNS were susceptible to tetracycline in 82.9% of the oxacillin-susceptible strains and 79.6% of the oxacillin-resistant strains. These findings were similar to those in the other regions.53 More recent studies have also shown that the majority (80%) of MRSA isolates were susceptible to doxycycline and minocycline.54\
\
Reports of S. pneumoniae resistance to doxycycline range geographically from 2% to more than 20%, limiting the use of this drug for severe pneumococcal infections.10,55-57 Resistance may be more than 60% in penicillin-resistant strains.57 Data on \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci are lacking. Swedish studies have shown doxycycline resistance rates of 15% for Streptococcus pyogenes and 68% for group B streptococcal isolates.58,59 Among Enterococcus spp., surveillance data from 1997 through 1999 observed resistance rates approaching 50% in North America, 60% in Europe, and 60% to 70% in the Asia-Pacific region.60\'a0Actinomyces israelii has shown susceptibility to tetracycline, and Listeria monocytogenes and Bacillus anthracis to both tetracycline and doxycycline.61-64\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
As a class, tetracyclines also have a broad range of activity against gram-negative organisms, although they are infrequently used against Enterobacterales. Doxycycline has shown good activity against Yersinia pestis and has more activity than tetracycline.65,66 Among Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli strains, isolates that have resistance to ciprofloxacin tend to also be resistant to doxycycline.67 Tetracyclines are useful in the treatment of Vibrio spp. in a wide range Page 334of clinical conditions from food-borne gastroenteritis to necrotizing skin and soft tissue infections.68-70\
\
In a Spanish study with Acinetobacter baumannii, doxycycline had activity against only 30% to 40% of strains tested, whereas minocycline was active against 70% and tigecycline was active against 76%.71 Doxycycline has excellent activity against Burkholderia pseudomallei with susceptibility rates above 96%, along with low rates of resistance developing during treatment.72\'a0Stenotrophomonas maltophilia is highly susceptible to doxycycline,69,73 which also exhibits activity against Aeromonas hydrophila.70,74 In a global collection of clinical isolates (A. baumannii, S. maltophilia, and Burkholderia cepacia), minocycline demonstrated the highest activity of the tetracyclines.75\'a0Pseudomonas aeruginosa is intrinsically resistant to tetracyclines due to low permeability of its outer membrane and activity of several drug efflux systems.76 Anaerobes in the gastrointestinal tract, including the Bacteroides fragilis group, have shown susceptibility to doxycycline, but with higher MIC breakpoints.77\'a0Brucella spp. and Bartonella spp. are also highly susceptible to doxycycline, with low MIC values.78,79\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Among the Mycoplasma spp., tetracyclines are highly active against Mycoplasma pneumoniae. Mycoplasma hominis is usually susceptible, whereas Mycoplasma genitalium is often doxycycline resistant.80-82\'a0Legionella pneumophila is susceptible to doxycycline in\'a0vitro, but this is dependent on the inoculum size because Legionella is intermediately susceptible to doxycycline with larger inocula.83\'a0Chlamydia pneumoniae and Chlamydia psittaci have also been shown to be susceptible to doxycycline.84-86\'a0Chlamydia trachomatis is typically susceptible to the tetracyclines, although susceptibility testing is not standardized.85,87\
\
Spirochetes and Rickettsiae\
The tetracyclines play a prominent role in the treatment of spirochetes. Doxycycline is the mainstay treatment of Lyme disease caused by Borrelia burgdorferi.88 In a recent study examining doxycycline, tetracycline, and tigecycline activity against B. burgdorferi, tigecycline had the lowest MIC90 (\uc0\u8804 0.016 \u956 g/mL) versus 0.25 \u956 g/mL for both doxycycline and tetracycline.89 For Leptospira spp., doxycycline has also been a mainstay of treatment.90 Tetracycline has been shown to have activity against Treponema pallidum.91 Among Rickettsia spp., tetracyclines display activity against the spotted fever group, scrub typhus, and epidemic typhus. Doxycycline has been shown to be the most active antimicrobial agent.92,93 Doxycycline has also shown to be highly active against Anaplasma phagocytophilum, Ehrlichia chaffeensis, and Ehrlichia canis.94\
\
Mycobacteria and Nocardia\
Among mycobacteria, tetracyclines have activity among different species. Against the rapidly growing bacteria, doxycycline has been reported to have activity against 41% to 56% of Mycobacterium fortuitum strains. Less activity is seen against Mycobacterium chelonae (8%\'9626%) and Mycobacterium abscessus (4%\'968%).95-97 Similar results are seen with minocycline, although minocycline appears to be more active against M. chelonae and M. fortuitum. Minocycline also appears to have more activity against Mycobacterium marinum than doxycycline and has activity against Mycobacterium kansasii as opposed to doxycycline.97-99 All of the tetracyclines show poor in\'a0vitro activity against Mycobacterium avium complex.97 More recently, interest in using doxycycline against Mycobacterium tuberculosis has developed. A Russian study that evaluated second-line agents with activity against multidrug-resistant (MDR) M. tuberculosis found doxycycline to be active against 92.6% of the 68 isolates tested.100 Doxycycline has also been shown to decrease matrix metalloproteinase activity in a cellular model and to suppress mycobacterial growth in\'a0vitro and in guinea pigs.101\
\
Among the Nocardia asteroides complex, minocycline appears to have the greatest activity against these and a large number of Nocardia farcinica isolates.10,102 Minocycline has also been shown to be more active than tigecycline, with an MIC90 of 2 \uc0\u956 g/mL.103\
\
Parasites\
Tetracyclines are effective but slow-acting antimalarial drugs. They have been shown to specifically block expression of the apicoplast genome in cultured P. falciparum, resulting in the distribution of nonfunctional apicoplasts into daughter merozoites.11 The tetracyclines have also been shown to have activity against Toxoplasma gondii, Giardia lamblia, Trichomonas vaginalis, Leishmania major, and Entamoeba histolytica.17,104-106\
\
Clinical Uses\
General\
\
Tetracyclines previously were widely used for an array of respiratory, gastrointestinal, and genitourinary tract infections. The widespread increase in resistance along with the availability of newer drugs has decreased the number of diseases for which these agents are considered to be the drugs of choice. For treatment of most diseases, tetracycline and doxycycline are interchangeable. Often doxycycline is the preferred agent because it can be given just twice a day, has fewer gastrointestinal side effects, and can be taken with food or milk. For a full description of therapeutic indications for tetracyclines, see Table 25.2.\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
According to the 2019 community-acquired pneumonia (CAP) practice guidelines of the American Thoracic Society and Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA), doxycycline was given a conditional recommendation as empirical monotherapy in the outpatient setting in healthy adults without risk factors for antibiotic-resistant pathogens.107 It is also given a conditional recommendation to be used as an alternative to a macrolide in combination with a \uc0\u946 -lactam antibiotic for use in outpatients with comorbidities or inpatients without risk factors for MRSA and P. aeruginosa.107 In a recent meta-analysis of six randomized controlled trials from 1984-2004, doxycycline was found to have comparable efficacy to macrolides and fluoroquinolones in mild-moderate CAP.108 Doxycycline has good coverage of the atypical pathogens encountered, such as M. pneumoniae, L. pneumophila, C. pneumoniae, and C. psittaci. Increasing rates of resistance with S. pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae limit doxycycline\'92s use as monotherapy. Higher doses of doxycycline, 200 mg every 12 hours for 72 hours followed by standard 100 mg every 12 hours, have been used to treat moderate-to-severe legionellosis.109,110 Tetracycline has been shown to be as effective as erythromycin for treatment of M. pneumoniae.111 The drug of choice for psittacosis caused by C. psittaci has been shown to be doxycycline; IV therapy may be required.112-114\
\
Gastrointestinal Tract Infections\
Tetracycline has been extensively studied in the treatment of cholera, a Vibrio cholerae infection. Oral tetracycline has been shown to be effective in decreasing the amount and duration of diarrhea from cholera, and in eradicating the pathogen from stool.115 It had been useful for prophylaxis of close contacts during an outbreak.116 Later studies showed that a single dose of 1 g of tetracycline was effective in treating cholera.117,118 Doxycycline has been shown to be as effective as tetracycline with a 4-day course of each drug, although bacterial elimination took slightly longer.119 However, tetracycline resistance is now common throughout the world, and these drugs are no longer considered appropriate therapy unless susceptibility has been demonstrated.120\
\
Second-line therapy for Helicobacter pylori infection typically includes a quadruple drug-based regimen with tetracycline 500 mg every 6 hours along with metronidazole, bismuth salt, and a proton pump inhibitor for 7 to 14 days. This combination has led to eradication rates close to 100%.121 When comparing triple- versus quadruple-based regimens, a meta-analysis showed equal efficacy when used as first-line therapy, with similar compliance and side-effect profiles.122 Doxycycline-containing regimens with amoxicillin, bismuth salt, and omeprazole for 1 week have been studied as salvage regimens with a reported 91% eradication rate.123\
\
Doxycycline at a dose of 100 mg daily for 3 weeks has been shown to be effective in preventing traveler\'92s diarrhea in regions with doxycycline-susceptible enterotoxigenic strains of Escherichia coli.124 Newer data suggest that the addition of doxycycline to ceftriaxone offers protection against the development of Clostridioides difficile infection (CDI). In a study of 2305 patients, the incidence of CDI was 1.67 cases per 10,000 patient-days in those who received doxycycline Page 335along with ceftriaxone, compared with 8.11 per 10,000 patient-days in those who did not receive doxycycline along with ceftriaxone. For each day of doxycycline receipt, the rate of CDI was 27% lower than in patients who did not receive doxycycline.125 This apparent protective effect of doxycycline was also observed in a large case-control study from 1999 to 2005 that evaluated multiple antibiotics.126 In a systematic review and meta-analysis, tetracycline use (particularly doxycycline) was associated with a decreased risk of CDI.127\
\
TABLE 25.2\
\
\
\
Therapeutic Indications for Tetracyclines\
Major Indications	Second-Line Treatment	Prophylaxis\
Anaplasma (formerly Ehrlichia) phagocytophilum infection\
Anthrax inhalation, cutaneous postexposure\
Bacillary angiomatosis in patients with HIV infection (Bartonella henselae and Bartonella quintana)\
Balantidium coli infection (infectious colitis)\
Bartonellosis: Oroya fever and verruga peruana (Bartonella bacilliformis)\
Brucellosis (plus rifampin, streptomycin, or gentamicin) \
Cat-scratch fever (B. henselae)\
Cervicitis due to Chlamydia trachomatis\
Cholera\
Community-acquired pneumonia\
Ehrlichia chaffeensis infection\
Granuloma inguinale (Klebsiella granulomatis)\
Inclusion conjunctivitis (C. trachomatis)\
Lyme disease (Borrelia burgdorferi)\
Lymphogranuloma venereum (C. trachomatis)\
Mycobacterial infections caused by Mycobacterium marinum and some isolates of Mycobacterium fortuitum and Mycobacterium chelonae\
Nongonococcal urethritis\
Pelvic inflammatory disease\
Peptic ulcer (with other agents; Helicobacter pylori)\
Periodontitis\
Pneumonia caused by Chlamydia pneumoniae\
Psittacosis and ornithosis (Chlamydia psittaci)\
Q fever (Coxiella burnetii)\
Relapsing fever, both louse- and tick-borne\
Rickettsial infections (spotted fever group and rickettsialpox)\
Scrub typhus (Orientia tsutsugamushi)\
Trachoma (C. trachomatis)\
Trench fever (B. quintana)\
Urethral infections caused by C. trachomatis or Ureaplasma urealyticum\
Vibrio vulnificus infection\
Acinetobacter baumannii infections (sensitive strains)\
Acne\
Actinomyces israelii when penicillin is contraindicated\
Acute intestinal amebiasis (as adjunct therapy)\
Burkholderia mallei (glanders) infections (only in combination with other drugs)\
Burkholderia pseudomallei infections (melioidosis; only in combination with other drugs)\
Campylobacter fetus infections\
Clostridium infections when penicillin is contraindicated\
Dientamoeba fragilis\
Eikenella corrodens infection\
Filariasis\
Leptospirosis if penicillin contraindicated\
Leprosy (only minocycline is active)\
Nocardia infection (minocycline)\
Pasteurella multocida infection\
Rat-bite fever (Spirillum minus, Streptobacillus moniliformis)\
Syphilis, primary and secondary (patients with penicillin allergy; Treponema pallidum)\
Vincent angina\
Whipple disease (Tropheryma whipplei)\
Yaws caused by Treponema pertenue when penicillin is contraindicated\
Anthrax (Bacillus anthracis)\
Colonic surgery\
Lyme disease, after tick bite\
Malaria\
Plague (Yersinia pestis)\
Sexually transmitted infections in high risk MSM and transgender women after condomless sex (gonorrhea, chlamydia, syphilis)\
Traveler\'92s diarrhea\
Treatment of asymptomatic carriers of Neisseria meningitidis to eliminate meningococci from the nasopharynx (minocycline)\
Tularemia (Francisella tularensis)\
HIV, Human immunodeficiency virus; MSM, men who have sex with men.\
\
Genitourinary Tract Infections\
Doxycycline is a mainstay of treatment for nongonococcal urethritis. Doxycycline 100 mg orally twice daily for 7 days is recommended first line for the treatment of C. trachomatis infection in the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention\'92s 2021 sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines.128 Cure rates for genital C. trachomatis infection with doxycycline have been reported to be 98% as compared with 97% for azithromycin, with similar tolerability noted.129 A more recent study of a closed population receiving directly observed treatment for urogenital chlamydia infection found that the efficacy of azithromycin was 97%, and the efficacy of doxycycline was 100%. Azithromycin did not establish noninferiority.130 Even when suboptimal compliance with doxycycline is documented, cure rates have been noted to remain high at 94%.131 More recently, doxycycline has been found to be superior to single-dose azithromycin for the treatment of anorectal C. trachomatis in both men and women.132-134 Other causes of nongonococcal urethritis, such as Ureaplasma urealyticum and M. hominis, are responsive to the tetracyclines but with less consistency. Resistant strains of U. urealyticum have been reported.135\'a0M. genitalium has been shown to be a persistent and recurring cause of urethritis in those treated with doxycycline.136,137 Doxycycline is no longer recommended for the treatment of gonorrhea owing to increasing N. gonorrhoeae resistance.138,139 In a randomized controlled pilot study, daily doxycycline taken prophylactically was associated with a decreased incidence of N. gonorrhoeae, C. trachomatis, or syphilis incident infections among a core group of high-risk men who have sex with men (MSM) who are infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).140 Doxycycline taken as a single 200-mg dose as postexposure prophylaxis among high-risk MSM was found to reduce the occurrence of chlamydia infection and syphilis, but not gonorrhea.141 In another large, open-label, randomized study involving MSM and transgender women, 200 mg of doxycycline taken within 72 hours of condomless sex reduced the combined incidence of gonorrhea, chlamydia, and syphilis by two-thirds.142\
\
The tetracyclines are active against the sexually transmitted infection lymphogranuloma venereum caused by C. trachomatis serovars L1, L2, and L3.143 Clinical manifestations include inguinal lymphadenopathy and proctitis. Recommended therapy is doxycycline 100 mg orally twice daily for 21 days.128 Granuloma inguinale (donovanosis) caused by Klebsiella granulomatis causes painless genital ulcerative disease and regional lymphadenopathy. It is rarely found in the United States and is endemic in certain parts of India, Papua New Guinea, central Australia, and southern Africa. Doxycycline 100 mg orally twice daily for at least 3 weeks and until all lesions have completely healed is recommended as an alternative regimen.128 Because of Haemophilus ducreyi resistance, doxycycline is not recommended for chancroid.128\
\
In pelvic inflammatory disease (PID), the recommended parenteral regimen is a combination of doxycycline 100 mg every 12 hours with ceftriaxone and metronidazole, or in combination with either cefotetan or cefoxitin. Recommended oral therapy is with 14 days of doxycycline 100 mg every 12 hours with metronidazole 500 mg every 12 hours along with an initial cephalosporin dose.128 When inpatient versus outpatient therapy in mild-to-moderate PID were compared, there were no differences in pregnancy rates or recurrence of PID.144\
\
Spirochetal Infections\
The tetracyclines are often used to treat illnesses caused by spirochetal infections. Doxycycline (100 mg orally twice daily for 10 days) is recommended for treatment of adult patients with early localized or early disseminated Lyme disease, caused by B. burgdorferi, associated with erythema migrans.145 This is a strong joint recommendation by Page 336the IDSA, American Academy of Neurology, and American College of Rheumatology. In a more recent randomized controlled trial, 7 days of doxycycline was found to be noninferior to 14 days for the treatment of erythema migrans.146 In areas where human granulocytic anaplasmosis (HGA) is prevalent, doxycycline is preferred because it will treat both Lyme disease and HGA. Lyme arthritis should be treated with a longer course of 1 month.147 For Lyme carditis (both outpatients and hospitalized patients initially treated with parenteral ceftriaxone that have improved), doxycycline 100 mg orally twice daily for 14 to 21 days is recommended.145 Although prior recommended treatment for neuroborreliosis has been parenteral therapy, updated guidance for neurologic disease without parenchymal involvement of the brain or spinal cord includes a recommendation for 14 to 21 days of oral doxycycline (100 mg twice daily or 200 mg once daily) based on several clinical trials.145,148-150 Long-term doxycycline therapy has not been shown to have additional beneficial effects on health-related quality of life in patients with persistent symptoms attributed to Lyme disease.151 A randomized controlled study has shown that a single 200-mg dose of doxycycline is effective in preventing clinical Lyme disease in patients with an Ixodes scapularis tick bite if given within 72 hours.152 A single oral 100-mg dose of doxycycline or a 500-mg dose of tetracycline is effective in treating louse-borne relapsing fever caused by Borrelia recurrentis.153\
\
Doxycycline can also be used in patients with a significant penicillin allergy with treponemal infections. In primary or secondary syphilis caused by T. pallidum, doxycycline 200 mg orally once daily for 14 to 28 days may be appropriate.154 A regimen of 100 mg orally twice daily for 14 days in early syphilis was shown to be just as effective as penicillin in treating early syphilis.155 In HIV-infected individuals, doxycycline also appears to be effective in early syphilis, with similar serologic response to that in patients given penicillin.156 In latent syphilis and neurosyphilis, five patients treated with doxycycline 200 mg orally twice daily for 21 days showed good CSF drug levels of doxycycline.44 Small case reports of HIV-infected individuals with neurosyphilis treated successfully with oral doxycycline 200 mg twice daily for 28 days have been documented but would need further studying.157 A more recent retrospective cohort study found this same doxycycline regimen produced similar outcomes to intramuscular procaine G penicillin.158 Minocycline was studied in three penicillin-allergic patients with neurosyphilis, at a dose of 100 mg twice daily for 14 consecutive days per month for 9 months. Clinical improvement was noted within 1 month and there were no significant side effects.159 Nonvenereal treponemal infections, such as yaws (caused by T. pallidum subspecies pertenue), bejel or endemic syphilis (caused by T. pallidum subspecies endemicum), and pinta (caused by Treponema carateum), can also be treated with tetracyclines as an alternative to penicillin.160\
\
Doxycycline was shown to be as effective as penicillin or cefotaxime in treating severe leptospirosis in a randomized trial in northern Thailand. There was no difference in mortality or time to defervescence among the different treatment groups.161 It has also been used as chemoprophylaxis against leptospirosis in endemic areas, with varying results. A systematic review found that the regular use of weekly 200 mg oral doxycycline increases the odds for nausea and vomiting with unclear benefit in reducing Leptospira seroconversion or clinical consequences of infection.162\
\
Malaria Treatment and Chemoprophylaxis\
Doxycycline is used for both treatment and chemoprophylaxis of malaria. Both P. falciparum and Plasmodium vivax are susceptible to doxycycline. Along with atovaquone-proguanil and artemisinin compounds, the combination of quinine and doxycycline (or tetracycline) is recommended for treatment of chloroquine-resistant P. falciparum strains.163 Doxycycline is less often used to treat P. vivax infections owing to its slower rate of parasitic clearance and limited activity in the liver stages compared with other regimens.164\
\
As for chemoprophylaxis, doxycycline has been shown to be as effective as mefloquine in regions with chloroquine-resistant P. falciparum. In two studies, doxycycline was protective in 99% to 100% of participants, although mefloquine was better tolerated in one study.165,166 Other studies have shown that malaria developed in those taking doxycycline prophylaxis who ended therapy shortly after leaving an endemic area, likely a result of the fact that doxycycline has limited effect on preerythrocytic liver stages of malaria.167-170 On the basis of these studies, it is recommended that doxycycline be taken for 4 weeks after returning from an endemic area.171\
\
Other Infections\
Doxycycline is the preferred agent for treating rickettsial infections such as Rocky Mountain spotted fever (RMSF), Mediterranean spotted fever, epidemic louse-borne typhus, murine typhus, scrub typhus, and tick typhus.93,172-175 Regimens are usually between 5 and 15 days long.93 However, shorter courses of doxycycline may also be appropriate. A randomized controlled trial of 43 patients with Mediterranean spotted fever showed that a 2-day course of doxycycline or ciprofloxacin was effective, and all participants were cured. Those treated with doxycycline produced more rapid defervescence.173\
\
Brucellosis is typically treated with a 6-week course of doxycycline 100 mg orally twice daily with either streptomycin 15 mg/kg IM daily for the first 2 to 3 weeks or rifampin 600 to 900 mg daily for 6 weeks. This has been the long-standing recommendation of the World Health Organization and is still recommended as first-line therapy for brucellosis without serious complications.176 However, the regimen of doxycycline with streptomycin has been shown to be superior with lower rates of relapse.177 In a randomized controlled study looking at the combination of gentamicin 5 mg/kg IM daily for 7 days with doxycycline versus standard doxycycline-streptomycin therapy, both arms were equivalent.178 The addition of levofloxacin to the combination of doxycycline and rifampin for acute or subacute brucellosis may increase its efficacy in terms of lowering relapse rates within 6 months after stopping therapy, but not in terms of the rates of therapeutic failure after 6 weeks of therapy.179 Complications of brucellosis, such as spondylitis, need to be treated for at least 12 weeks.180\
\
Q fever, caused by Coxiella burnetii, ranges from a self-limiting febrile illness to difficult-to-treat endocarditis. Treatment with a tetracycline must begin within 2 days of symptom onset to become effective.181 Doxycycline has been shown to reduce the duration of fever slightly better than tetracycline.182 Recommended therapy in acute disease is doxycycline 100 mg orally twice daily for 14 days.183 Patients with Q fever meningoencephalitis may respond to a 21-day course of doxycycline.184 Patients with preexisting valvular heart disease who contract acute Q fever are at risk of developing endocarditis, reportedly at a rate of 39%.185 Therapy with doxycycline and hydroxychloroquine for 1 to 15 months has been shown to reduce the risk of endocarditis. This observation has led the authors to recommend a 12-month course of dual therapy in such at-risk individuals.185 Doxycycline 100 mg twice daily with hydroxychloroquine 200 mg three times a day is also typically used in treatment of Q fever endocarditis. This regimen was shown to result in fewer relapses than in patients treated with doxycycline combined with ofloxacin. In the doxycycline with hydroxychloroquine group, relapse occurred in two patients who were treated for 12 months, whereas no relapse occurred in patients who were treated for at least 18 months.186\
\
Melioidosis, a B. pseudomallei infection, is usually treated initially with IV ceftazidime. After the induction phase, maintenance treatment is given for 12 to 20 weeks with a multidrug regimen. In an open-label, randomized study looking at chloramphenicol, doxycycline, and trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole (TMP-SMX) versus doxycycline and TMP-SMX, the latter regimen was just as effective and better tolerated than the traditional four-drug group.187 However, when the traditional four-drug regimen was compared with doxycycline monotherapy, doxycycline was inferior.188\
\
Doxycycline has also been studied in other diseases that have limited therapeutic options. In a randomized study of 231 patients with dengue hemorrhagic fever, the group treated with 7 days of doxycycline had a 46% lower mortality compared with standard supportive care alone. Administration of doxycycline resulted in a significant decrease in levels of tumor necrosis factor and interleukin 6.189 No effective treatment has yet been found for Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD). Data regarding the efficacy of doxycycline for CJD have been conflicting, but further study may be warranted.190,191Page 337\
\
In the era of MDR gram-negative infections, minocycline has garnered recent interest owing to the limited treatment options for these organisms. Successful outcomes have been reported for the treatment of MDR Acinetobacter, carbapenem-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae, and S. maltophilia.192-194\
\
Acne Vulgaris\
Acne vulgaris is a common adolescent disease usually treated with topical keratolytics for mild disease. Both doxycycline and minocycline can be used for more severe disease as a way of treating patients with Cutibacterium (Propionibacterium) acnes\'96infected sebaceous glands in hair follicles. Antibiotics are usually prescribed for an average of 6 months and should be given for at least 2 months before consideration is given to switching antimicrobials because of poor therapeutic response.195 In a randomized placebo-controlled study, minocycline 1 mg/kg daily over 12 weeks significantly reduced the number of inflammatory lesions compared with placebo.196 However, this usage raises concern for increasing the risk of tetracycline resistance in the patient and in the population, as well as unintended consequences for the microbiome. This is of particular concern for women with child-bearing potential.\
\
Antiinflammatory Uses\
The tetracyclines have also drawn interest for their antiinflammatory properties. In a randomized study of 66 patients with early seropositive rheumatoid arthritis, initial therapy with methotrexate (MTX) plus doxycycline was superior to treatment with MTX alone. The therapeutic responses to low-dose (20 mg twice daily) and high-dose doxycycline (100 mg twice daily) were similar.197 Hypotheses to explain this finding include the antimetalloproteinase effects of doxycycline, or its direct antibacterial effects on microbiome composition and metabolites. Minocycline has also been shown to be safe and effective for patients with mild-to-moderate rheumatoid arthritis, or Takayasu arteritis.198-200 Data regarding the efficacy of minocycline for multiple sclerosis are conflicting.201,202\
\
Bioterrorism Prophylaxis\
Doxycycline is active against potential bioterrorism agents, including B. anthracis, Y. pestis, Francisella tularensis, C. burnetii, and Brucella spp. Compared with the fluoroquinolones, doxycycline is less expensive and appears to have similar efficacy in most scenarios on the basis of clinical case studies. As a result, doxycycline should be considered as a first-line antibiotic in the event of a bioterrorism attack.203\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Resistance to the tetracyclines was first observed soon after their clinical introduction. The first reported case was in 1953 in an isolate of Shigella dysenteriae.204 Tetracycline-resistant isolates can currently be found among a wide range of organisms. Increased prevalence of tetracycline resistance was documented among Enterobacterales, Staphylococcus, Streptococcus, and Bacteroides species by the 1970s, and in N. gonorrhoeae by the mid-1980s.8 On the other hand, obligate intercellular pathogens, such as Chlamydia and Rickettsia species, have not been demonstrated to have significant tetracycline resistance.205\
\
Resistance has amplified among many different bacterial species as a result of horizontal exchange of resistance genes. There have been 33 distinct tetracycline resistance genes identified, called tet genes, and three oxytetracycline resistance genes identified, called otr genes. These are found primarily on mobile genetic elements such as plasmids and transposons.8,205,206\
\
There are various mechanisms of resistance to the tetracyclines. In the clinical setting, resistance via active efflux pumps and the production of ribosomal protection proteins (RPPs) are the principal mechanisms. Resistance can also develop via enzymatic degradation, decreased drug permeability, and target mutation.6\
\
The tetracycline efflux system contains 26 different classes of efflux pumps that are responsible for the export of tetracycline from the cell. The efflux occurs because of genes encoding proteins that are members of the major facilitator superfamily group of integral membrane transporters.207 The efflux pumps are integral membrane proteins that span the lipid bilayer of the inner cell membrane 12 to 14 times.6 This results in the export of tetracycline from the cell through an energy-dependent process. The end effect is a reduction of intracellular concentration of tetracycline, resulting in ribosomal protection of the bacteria. These pumps can be found in both gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria and typically confer resistance to early generation tetracyclines and to a lesser extent, to doxycycline and minocycline.\
\
RPPs protect the ribosomes from the action of tetracycline. Eleven different types of RPPs have been identified, spanning both gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. tet(O) and tet(M) are the most prevalent and widely studied genes encoding RPPs.6 The RPPs work by weakening the interaction of tetracycline with the ribosome, preventing tetracycline from binding.208 Thus, protein synthesis continues on tetracycline release. This mechanism generates resistance to both first- and second-generation tetracyclines but not to the third-generation glycylcyclines. Tigecycline is able to effectively exhibit antibacterial activity against tet(M)-encoded RPPs, likely because of a stronger affinity to its ribosomal target.209\
\
Additional tetracycline resistance determinants have been identified as mosaic derivatives of tetracycline resistance genes that include ones from the RPP group. At least one part of the gene shares more than 80% homology with a known tetracycline resistance gene; the other part shares homology with another known or new determinant.6 Perhaps the best described example is the ribosomal protection gene tet(32) isolated from Clostridium strain K10. This gene shares 60% identity with tet(O).210\
\
A less common method of tetracycline resistance is a result of drug inactivation by tetracycline inactivators. In the entire tetracycline resistome, only three genes have been associated with tetracycline enzyme inactivation: tet(X), tet(34), and tet(37).6 The first discovered was tet(X) in 1989 from a strain of B. fragilis that conferred resistance to E. coli when cells with the gene were grown aerobically.211 The gene tet(X) inactivates tetracycline by selectively adding a hydroxyl group to the C-11a position of the antibiotic, which causes an unstable compound that undergoes nonenzymatic decomposition to a black polymer.212\'a0tet(X) confers resistance to first- and second-generation tetracyclines and also to tigecycline. tet(X) uses nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate in the presence of magnesium and converts tigecycline to 11a-hydroxytigecycline, which has a weakened ability to inhibit protein translation.213\
\
Less common methods of tetracycline resistance include decreased drug permeability and target mutation. Tetracyclines are able to pass through the lipopolysaccharide-containing outer membrane of gram-negative bacteria by forming a magnesium complex followed by passage via porin channels. E. coli is able to overexpress the global activator protein MarA. This both induces the MDR efflux pump AcrAB and downregulates synthesis of the porin channel OmpF. The net effect reduces tetracycline uptake and accumulation in the cell.214 Target modification has been shown in mutations of the 16S rRNA of H. pylori. Studies have shown substitutions of nucleotides at positions 926, 927, and 928 in tetracycline-resistant isolates of H. pylori.215,216 These substitutions can have a cumulative effect on the level of tetracycline resistance.\
\
Adverse Reactions\
General\
\
As a class, the tetracyclines are generally well tolerated. A systematic review of studies between 1966 and 2003 summarized the adverse events (AEs) of doxycycline and minocycline. A total of 130 and 333 AEs were noted in published case reports of doxycycline and minocycline, respectively. In 24 doxycycline clinical trials (n = 3833) and 11 minocycline trials (n = 788), the ranges in incidence of AEs were 0% to 61% and 11.7% to 83.3%, respectively. The most common AEs encountered with doxycycline were gastrointestinal. Central nervous system and gastrointestinal AEs were most common with minocycline. The incidence of AEs with either drug is very low, but doxycycline had fewer reported AEs.217\
\
In a more recent French review, adverse drug reactions (ADRs) of the tetracyclines were reviewed in studies performed between 1985 and 2007. Minocycline-associated ADRs were more serious and were reported more frequently than for the other tetracyclines. Minocycline and doxycycline ADR patterns differed. With Page 338doxycycline, gastrointestinal disorders (especially esophageal lesions) predominated. Intracranial hypertension and hepatic disorders were primarily reported with minocycline. Autoimmune disorders, drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms, and other hypersensitivity reactions were also more frequent with minocycline. These findings led to the recommendation that minocycline should no longer be considered first-line therapy for inflammatory skin disorders, especially acne.218\
\
Gastrointestinal Side Effects\
As a class, tetracyclines commonly cause nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, heartburn, and epigastric pain. As stated earlier, gastrointestinal side effects are clearly the most common type of side effect of doxycycline, including pill esophagitis. Prolonged retention of the capsule in the esophagus, along with the high acidity of doxycycline in solution, is the likely cause of esophageal ulceration, and patients should drink at least 100 mL of water while standing upright for at least 90 seconds.219,220 Patients with esophageal strictures should not take doxycycline. Diarrhea may occur with doxycycline, but there appears to be a reduced risk of CDI.125,126 Minocycline also commonly causes nausea, but vomiting, diarrhea, and esophageal ulcerations occur much less frequently.217,221\
\
Photosensitivity and Hyperpigmentation\
A photosensitive rash commonly occurs in sun-exposed areas of patients taking tetracyclines.217,218 This is caused by radiant-exposure\'96dependent inhibition of cellular incorporation of thymidine.222 This reaction occurs as a result of drug accumulation in the skin and is phototoxic. This may occur shortly after exposure to the sun and can persist for a few days after the drug is discontinued. Severe cases may be associated with edema, papules, vesiculations, and onycholysis.223\
\
Hyperpigmentation of various body parts has been well described with the tetracyclines, particularly minocycline.217 Different types of cutaneous pigmentation have been described. It can cause a blue-black discoloration that occurs at sites of prior inflammation or scarring, a blue-black or gray localized macular pigmentation on normal arm skin, and a muddy-brown pigmentation predominantly on sun-exposed areas.224,225 Blue-black discoloration of gums secondary to bone pigmentation that is visible through nonpigmented oral mucosa has been described with long-term use of minocycline and appears to be permanent.226-228 Asymptomatic black pigmentation of the thyroid associated with minocycline has also been reported.229,230\
\
Teeth and Bone\
Tetracyclines deposit in teeth and bones as a result of chelation of tetracycline with calcium. The teeth can become stained owing to the formation of tetracycline-calcium orthophosphate complexes that darken with sun exposure.231,232 This phenomenon is mostly cosmetic, but it may also cause demineralization and enamel hypoplasia leading to tooth decay.233 Enamel hypoplasia has been most commonly described in premature infants.234 Doxycycline has a lower potential for teeth and bone deposition than the other tetracyclines because of its lower avidity for calcium. The degree of tooth discoloration is dependent on the total amount of tetracycline product administered.235 Doxycycline had previously been avoided in ages <8 years, but recent data suggests short durations of 10 days or less does not darken teeth, cause visible staining, or increase the risk of enamel hypoplasia in this age group.236,237 Children receiving tetracycline early in life tend to have deposition in their deciduous teeth. This can also occur in developing fetuses when their mother receives tetracycline during pregnancy, particularly after the 25th week of gestation.238 Tetracycline has also been noted to inhibit bone growth in infants receiving the drug. Premature infants displayed a 40% reduction of normal fibula skeletal growth after receiving tetracycline.239 Fortunately, this appears to be reversible after drug discontinuation.\
\
Hepatotoxicity\
Even though hepatotoxicity is rarely associated with tetracycline use, it is potentially fatal. Hepatotoxicity has been well described with high-dose IV preparations of tetracycline.240 This led to the withdrawal of IV tetracycline from the US market. Rarely, acute symptomatic hepatitis requiring hospitalization may develop with prolonged use of oral tetracycline over a period of 10 days.241 Doxycycline does not appear to have the same side-effect profile and is rarely associated with significant liver toxicity.16,242\
\
Nephrotoxicity\
In the setting of impaired renal function, the tetracyclines can exacerbate renal malfunction by inhibiting protein synthesis. This causes a catabolic effect on amino-acid metabolism, leading to azotemia, hyperphosphatemia, and acidosis.243 Expired tetracycline has been shown to produce a reversible Fanconi-like syndrome with renal tubular acidosis, likely due to citric acid, which accelerates the deterioration of stored tetracycline.244 Current formulations of tetracycline have been modified so that they do not contain citric acid. Doxycycline is considered safe to use in the setting of renal impairment; it does not accumulate in the serum because its gastrointestinal excretion increases.14 The side effect of demeclocycline, which causes nephrogenic diabetes insipidus, is used to treat the chronic syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion.7\
\
Neurotoxicity\
Central nervous system effects have been described the most with minocycline. Minocycline has been noted to cause reversible dizziness, vertigo, tinnitus, and lack of concentration. Vestibular side effects have been reported to be higher in women (70.4%) than in men and are usually seen by the third day.221 Pseudotumor cerebri, or idiopathic intracranial hypertension, has been noted with prolonged use of minocycline, and with tetracycline and doxycycline.245-249 Symptoms may occur within 2 weeks to 6 months of therapy. Withdrawal of the offending antibiotic and treatment for increased intracranial pressure should lead to resolution of the pseudotumor cerebri syndrome, but visual field loss may persist.\
\
Hypersensitivity Reactions\
Hypersensitivity reactions are uncommon but appear to occur more frequently with minocycline.218 They can include urticaria, facial edema, drug-induced autoimmune disease, and rarely anaphylaxis. Minocycline has been associated with drug-induced autoimmune disorders, the most common being drug-induced lupus.250 Rare cases of anaphylaxis have been reported with administration of tetracycline to a penicillin-allergic patient.251 Stevens-Johnson syndrome due to doxycycline is also rare but has been reported.252 Cross-allergic reaction occurs between different drugs in this class. A patient with a hypersensitivity reaction to one antibiotic should be considered hypersensitive to all tetracyclines.\
\
Teratogenicity\
The tetracyclines are able to cross the placenta into the fetus. In a review of 18,515 pregnancies with congenital abnormalities, 0.3% were exposed to doxycycline. This was slightly higher than 0.19% of the 32,804 pregnancies without congenital abnormalities that were exposed to doxycycline. The conclusion of the study was that doxycycline poses little, if any, teratogenic risk to a fetus and there should be no contraindication to its use in pregnancy.253 A study of 1795 pregnancies exposed to doxycycline showed that there was no increase in risk of fetal abnormalities.254 A recent review of safety reports submitted to the FDA from 2004 to 2021 for doxycycline adverse events in pregnancy did not detect a strong signal of harm.255 The tetracyclines are still generally avoided in pregnancy owing to their potential to stain teeth and cause enamel hypoplasia.\
\
Drug and Food Interactions\
Significant interactions between tetracyclines and other drugs or food are summarized in Table  25.3.\
\
\
\
Newer Tetracycline Derivatives\
Tigecycline\
\
Glycylcyclines are a novel class of antibacterial drugs that have been developed to combat the emergence of antibiotic-resistant organisms, including those resistant to conventional tetracyclines. Tigecycline is the first member of the class to be approved by the FDA in 2005. Page 339It was originally approved for the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections (cSSSIs) and cIAIs based on noninferiority studies.256,257 In 2009, tigecycline was approved for the treatment of CABP based on comparable cure rates in patients treated with levofloxacin.258,259 Tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic and is active in\'a0vitro against a broad range of antibiotic-resistant aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The FDA issued a warning regarding an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections based on the pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable.261 In general, the deaths appear related to worsening or complications of the infection or underlying comorbidities. Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP) trial, particularly those with ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
Newer Tetracycline Derivatives\
Tigecycline\
\
Glycylcyclines are a novel class of antibacterial drugs that have been developed to combat the emergence of antibiotic-resistant organisms, including those resistant to conventional tetracyclines. Tigecycline is the first member of the class to be approved by the FDA in 2005. Page 339It was originally approved for the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections (cSSSIs) and cIAIs based on noninferiority studies.256,257 In 2009, tigecycline was approved for the treatment of CABP based on comparable cure rates in patients treated with levofloxacin.258,259 Tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic and is active in\'a0vitro against a broad range of antibiotic-resistant aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The FDA issued a warning regarding an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections based on the pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable.261 In general, the deaths appear related to worsening or complications of the infection or underlying comorbidities. Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP) trial, particularly those with ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
TABLE 25.3\
\
Significant Food-Drug and Drug-Drug Interactions With Tetracyclines\
Interacting Agent	Effect	Comments\
Food	Tetracycline	\
Food may reduce absorption by 50%	Bioavailability is 60%\'9680% when taken on an empty stomach\
Doxycycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Minocycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Divalent or trivalent cations: aluminum, calcium, magnesium, iron, zinc	Significant reduction of all tetracycline absorption	Should not be administered concurrently with foods or drugs containing divalent or trivalent cations (i.e., antacids, sucralfate, didanosine, multivitamins)\
Kaolin and pectin	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	\
Bismuth subsalicylate	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	Separate administration of tetracycline from divalent or trivalent cations by 2hours\
Sodium bicarbonate	May decrease absorption of tetracycline	\
Cimetidine	Decreased tetracycline absorption	Effect not clinically significant\
Carbamazepine, phenytoin, barbiturates	Decreased half-life of doxycycline	Increases hepatic metabolism\
Chronic ethanol ingestion	Decreased half-life of doxycycline but not tetracycline	Possible mechanism: induction of hepatic microsomal enzymes\
Methoxyflurane or fluorinated anesthetic	Nephrotoxicity when administered with tetracycline agents	\
Diuretics	Increased blood urea nitrogen	Volume depletion may increase the nephrotoxic effects of tetracycline by unknown mechanisms\
Oral anticoagulants	Increased risk of bleeding	Tetracyclines may impair utilization of prothrombin and may decrease vitamin K production by intestinal bacteria; tigecycline decreases warfarin clearance, although a study found no effect in healthy volunteers\
Oral contraceptives	Reduced levels when administered with tetracyclines	\
Women should use an additional (mechanical) form of birth control\
Possible mechanism: reduction in bacterial hydrolysis of conjugated estrogen in the intestine\
Antiinfectives	May reduce antimicrobial activity of aminoglycosides and penicillins	\
Rare reports of in\'a0vitro antagonism\
Some clinicians recommend that the drugs not be used concomitantly\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Tigecycline is a semisynthetic derivative of minocycline. It has an N-alkyl-glycylamido moiety attached to the 9-position of minocycline.263 (See Fig. 25.1 for molecular structure.) The design is based on the premise that a peptide substituent would enhance ribosomal permeation and binding. The 9-glycyl substitution results in steric hindrance that enables tigecycline to overcome the two major types of tetracycline resistance: tetracycline-specific efflux pumps and ribosomal protection.264\
\
Tigecycline\'92s antibacterial mechanism of action is similar to that of older tetracyclines. It works by inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis by binding to bacterial 30S ribosomal subunits, ultimately blocking entry of aminoacyl transfer RNA molecules into the A site of the ribosome. This prevents amino acids from incorporating into elongating peptide chains, thus inhibiting protein synthesis.264,265 Like other tetracyclines, tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic because its interaction with the ribosome is reversible.8 Because glycylcyclines bind five times more strongly to the ribosome than tetracyclines, they are able to overcome the ribosomal protection mechanism of the tetracycline resistome.266,267\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Tigecycline is available only in intravenous formulation owing to its poor oral absorption. The recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by 50 mg every 12 hours. Infusions should be administered over approximately 30 to 60 minutes. According to the package insert, the recommended duration of treatment for cSSSIs or for cIAIs is 5 to 14 days. The recommended duration for treatment of CABP is 7 to 14 days. It has not been studied in children younger than 18.268\
\
In patients with renal impairment, no dose adjustment is necessary. In a pooled pharmacokinetic evaluation of tigecycline in healthy adult volunteers and in those with renal impairment, tigecycline had mostly linear pharmacokinetics across all dose ranges. Tigecycline is also not significantly removed by hemodialysis.269\
\
In patients with mild-to-moderate hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh A and B), no dose adjustment is necessary. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh C), the recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by a reduced maintenance dose of 25 mg every 12 hours. These patients should be treated with caution and monitored closely. In a study looking at various stages of liver dysfunction, patients with moderate liver disease had systemic clearance reduced by 25%, and the half-life was increased by 23%. In patients with severe liver disease, systemic clearance was decreased by 55% and the half-life was increased by 43%.270\
\
There do not appear to be any significant differences in tigecycline pharmacokinetic parameters on the basis of age, sex, or weight. Therefore, no dose adjustment appears necessary.271Page 340\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Tigecycline has limited oral bioavailability, hence it is available only in IV preparations. Food does not significantly alter pharmacokinetics and may reduce the nausea and vomiting seen as a side effect. The half-life of tigecycline ranges from 37 to 67 hours.272\
\
Drug Distribution\
In\'a0vitro plasma protein binding of tigecycline is 71% to 89%, and the volume of distribution is 7 to 10 L/kg, indicating extensive distribution into the tissues.272 In a 100-mg single-dose study of patients undergoing elective surgery or a medical procedure for tissue extraction, various tissue concentrations were measured. The respective mean and median concentration values of tigecycline in serum immediately after the end of a 100-mg infusion were 1.94 and 1.32 mg/L. Subsequent serum concentrations of tigecycline gradually declined to mean values of 0.22, 0.19, 0.11, and 0.07 mg/L at approximately 4, 8, 12, and 24 hours, respectively. Tissue penetration, expressed as the ratio of area under the curve (AUC)0\'9624h in tissue or body fluid to serum, was 537 for bile, 23 for gallbladder, 2.6 for colon, 2.0 for lung, 0.41 for bone, 0.31 for synovial fluid, and 0.11 for CSF.273 In a separate study of subjects without infections undergoing elective orthopedic procedures, multiple doses of tigecycline were shown to result in bone-to-serum ratios of approximately 4.77, showing penetration into bone.274 After standard dosing to 33 healthy volunteers, the tigecycline AUC0\'9612h in alveolar cells was 78-fold higher than the AUC0\'9612h in the serum. In epithelial lining fluid, the AUC0\'9612h was about 32% higher than in the serum.268,273 In the urine, after a 100-mg dose of tigecycline, urinary concentrations were about 0.3 \uc0\u956 g/mL.275 Clinical trials in urinary tract infections were abandoned on precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 Like the earlier-generation tetracyclines, tigecycline displays a time-dependent killing pattern and exhibits a considerable postantibiotic effect.277\
\
Drug Elimination\
The primary route of elimination for tigecycline is biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline and its metabolites. Using radiolabeled carbon-14 (14C)-tigecycline, studies have shown elimination primarily by the liver via biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline in the feces (59%). Glucuronidation and renal excretion of unchanged tigecycline are secondary routes. Thirty-two percent of tigecycline is eliminated in the urine.272,278\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Tigecycline has antibacterial activity against a wide variety of aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.4.Page 341\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Tigecycline has limited oral bioavailability, hence it is available only in IV preparations. Food does not significantly alter pharmacokinetics and may reduce the nausea and vomiting seen as a side effect. The half-life of tigecycline ranges from 37 to 67 hours.272\
\
Drug Distribution\
In\'a0vitro plasma protein binding of tigecycline is 71% to 89%, and the volume of distribution is 7 to 10 L/kg, indicating extensive distribution into the tissues.272 In a 100-mg single-dose study of patients undergoing elective surgery or a medical procedure for tissue extraction, various tissue concentrations were measured. The respective mean and median concentration values of tigecycline in serum immediately after the end of a 100-mg infusion were 1.94 and 1.32 mg/L. Subsequent serum concentrations of tigecycline gradually declined to mean values of 0.22, 0.19, 0.11, and 0.07 mg/L at approximately 4, 8, 12, and 24 hours, respectively. Tissue penetration, expressed as the ratio of area under the curve (AUC)0\'9624h in tissue or body fluid to serum, was 537 for bile, 23 for gallbladder, 2.6 for colon, 2.0 for lung, 0.41 for bone, 0.31 for synovial fluid, and 0.11 for CSF.273 In a separate study of subjects without infections undergoing elective orthopedic procedures, multiple doses of tigecycline were shown to result in bone-to-serum ratios of approximately 4.77, showing penetration into bone.274 After standard dosing to 33 healthy volunteers, the tigecycline AUC0\'9612h in alveolar cells was 78-fold higher than the AUC0\'9612h in the serum. In epithelial lining fluid, the AUC0\'9612h was about 32% higher than in the serum.268,273 In the urine, after a 100-mg dose of tigecycline, urinary concentrations were about 0.3Absorption and Bioavailability\
Tigecycline has limited oral bioavailability, hence it is available only in IV preparations. Food does not significantly alter pharmacokinetics and may reduce the nausea and vomiting seen as a side effect. The half-life of tigecycline ranges from 37 to 67 hours.272\
\
Drug Distribution\
In\'a0vitro plasma protein binding of tigecycline is 71% to 89%, and the volume of distribution is 7 to 10 L/kg, indicating extensive distribution into the tissues.272 In a 100-mg single-dose study of patients undergoing elective surgery or a medical procedure for tissue extraction, various tissue concentrations were measured. The respective mean and median concentration values of tigecycline in serum immediately after the end of a 100-mg infusion were 1.94 and 1.32 mg/L. Subsequent serum concentrations of tigecycline gradually declined to mean values of 0.22, 0.19, 0.11, and 0.07 mg/L at approximately 4, 8, 12, and 24 hours, respectively. Tissue penetration, expressed as the ratio of area under the curve (AUC)0\'9624h in tissue or body fluid to serum, was 537 for bile, 23 for gallbladder, 2.6 for colon, 2.0 for lung, 0.41 for bone, 0.31 for synovial fluid, and 0.11 for CSF.273 In a separate study of subjects without infections undergoing elective   orthopedic procedures, multiple doses of tigecycline were shown to result in bone-to-serum ratios of approximately 4.77, showing penetration into bone.274 After standard dosing to 33 healthy volunteers, the tigecycline AUC0\'9612h in alveolar cells was 78-fold higher than the AUC0\'9612h in the serum. In epithelial lining fluid, the AUC0\'9612h was about 32% higher than in the serum.268,273 In the urine, after a 100-mg dose of tigecycline, urinary concentrations were about 0.3\
\
ESBL, Extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; EUCAST, European Committee on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
From Nabuurs-Franssen M, Mouton JW. Tigecycline. In: Grayson ML, ed. Kucers\'92 The Use of Antibiotics. 6th ed. CRC Press; 2010:881\'96892.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against many Staphylococcus, Enterococcus, and Streptococcus species, including organisms resistant to many other classes of antibiotics. Among S. aureus, tigecycline has shown potent activity among both MSSA and MRSA strains.279-281 Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against community-associated MRSA strains as seen in a study of 1989 isolates with a susceptibility rate of 98.2%.282 In a European survey of common skin and skin structure pathogens, all MRSA isolates were susceptible to tigecycline.283\'a0Staphylococcus epidermidis has also been shown to be susceptible to tigecycline, including strains that are erythromycin resistant.284\
\
Tigecycline is also highly active against Enterococcus spp., including strains resistant to vancomycin. In a study of 97 vancomycin-resistant isolates, tigecycline was equally active against all VanA, VanB, and VanC phenotypes of glycopeptide resistance of enterococci.285 In the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) program, which took place from 2004 to 2009 and looked at various antimicrobials against Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium, all 2068 isolates of E. faecalis were susceptible to tigecycline in various European countries. Only 2 out of 893 (0.2%) of E. faecium isolates were resistant to tigecycline.286 In a Korean study, 4 out of 2005 (0.2%) of vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) isolates were resistant to tigecycline.287\
\
Streptococci have also been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline, including bloodstream isolates of viridans-group streptococcal species.288 Tigecycline has also shown excellent activity against \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci.289 Tigecycline was two- to fourfold more active than comparator agents against all 435 isolates of S. pneumoniae studied in the global TEST program, including those that were penicillin resistant and penicillin intermediate. Against the penicillin-susceptible S. pneumoniae isolates, tigecycline was less active than \u946 -lactam agents.290 In another study, tigecycline was noted to be bactericidal against 11 of 12 strains of S. pneumoniae.291\
\
Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against L. monocytogenes and coryneform bacteria.292\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Tigecycline has good activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of most strains of Proteus spp., Providencia spp., and Morganella spp.289,293,294 Enterobacterales that have developed resistance to tetracycline are susceptible to tigecycline because it remains stable and largely unaffected by the commonly occurring efflux and ribosomal protection resistance mechanisms. In a large global study, tetracycline-resistant populations demonstrated only modest decreases in potency to tigecycline, which appeared to be species dependent (up to twofold only for E. coli, Salmonella spp., Shigella spp., and Pantoea agglomerans and up to fourfold for Klebsiella spp., Enterobacter spp., and Citrobacter spp.).295 Other resistance mechanisms, such as extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase (ESBL) production, AmpC derepression, carbapenemase production, and resistance phenotypes, such as fluoroquinolone resistance, fluoroquinolone/ampicillin resistance, fluoroquinolone/TMP-SMX resistance, and multidrug resistance, do not have an influence on the MIC value of tigecycline.295-299\
\
Tigecycline has good activity against most lactose-nonfermenting gram-negative bacilli with the notable exception of P. aeruginosa. It remains one of the most active agents against Acinetobacter spp.290,293,300 Although most studies have noted a high level of Acinetobacter spp. susceptibility to tigecycline, one study in Israel noted that of 82 isolates, 66% were resistant, 12% were intermediate, and just 22% were susceptible to tigecycline.301 In the United States, most antimicrobial agents have shown reduced susceptibility to A. baumannii over recent years, including tigecycline.300\'a0S. maltophilia has been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline in\'a0vitro. In a large global survey of 1586 isolates, 95.5% were susceptible to tigecycline, which was second only to TMP-SMX (96%).302\
\
In another global study, 1220 strains of H. influenzae, 495 strains of Moraxella catarrhalis, and 17 strains of N. meningitidis were all susceptible to tigecycline.303\'a0Brucella melitensis is highly susceptible to tigecycline both in\'a0vitro and in blood and bone marrow cultures of adult patients with acute brucellosis.304-306 Tigecycline has reduced activity against B. cepacia.267\
Newer Tetracycline Derivatives\
Tigecycline\
\
Glycylcyclines are a novel class of antibacterial drugs that have been developed to combat the emergence of antibiotic-resistant organisms, including those resistant to conventional tetracyclines. Tigecycline is the first member of the class to be approved by the FDA in 2005. Page 339It was originally approved for the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections (cSSSIs) and cIAIs based on noninferiority studies.256,257 In 2009, tigecycline was approved for the treatment of CABP based on comparable cure rates in patients treated with levofloxacin.258,259 Tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic and is active in\'a0vitro against a broad range of antibiotic-resistant aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The FDA issued a warning regarding an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections based on the pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable.261 In general, the deaths appear related to worsening or complications of the infection or underlying comorbidities. Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP) trial, particularly those with ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
TABLE 25.3\
\
Significant Food-Drug and Drug-Drug Interactions With Tetracyclines\
Interacting Agent	Effect	Comments\
Food	Tetracycline	\
Food may reduce absorption by 50%	Bioavailability is 60%\'9680% when taken on an empty stomach\
Doxycycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Minocycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Divalent or trivalent cations: aluminum, calcium, magnesium, iron, zinc	Significant reduction of all tetracycline absorption	Should not be administered concurrently with foods or drugs containing divalent or trivalent cations (i.e., antacids, sucralfate, didanosine, multivitamins)\
Kaolin and pectin	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	\
Bismuth subsalicylate	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	Separate administration of tetracycline from divalent or trivalent cations by 2hours\
Sodium bicarbonate	May decrease absorption of tetracycline	\
Cimetidine	Decreased tetracycline absorption	Effect not clinically significant\
Carbamazepine, phenytoin, barbiturates	Decreased half-life of doxycycline	Increases hepatic metabolism\
Chronic ethanol ingestion	Decreased half-life of doxycycline but not tetracycline	Possible mechanism: induction of hepatic microsomal enzymes\
Methoxyflurane or fluorinated anesthetic	Nephrotoxicity when administered with tetracycline agents	\
Diuretics	Increased blood urea nitrogen	Volume depletion may increase the nephrotoxic effects of tetracycline by unknown mechanisms\
Oral anticoagulants	Increased risk of bleeding	Tetracyclines may impair utilization of prothrombin and may decrease vitamin K production by intestinal bacteria; tigecycline decreases warfarin clearance, although a study found no effect in healthy volunteers\
Oral contraceptives	Reduced levels when administered with tetracyclines	\
Women should use an additional (mechanical) form of birth control\
Possible mechanism: reduction in bacterial hydrolysis of conjugated estrogen in the intestine\
Antiinfectives	May reduce antimicrobial activity of aminoglycosides and penicillins	\
Rare reports of in\'a0vitro antagonism\
Some clinicians recommend that the drugs not be used concomitantly\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Tigecycline is a semisynthetic derivative of minocycline. It has an N-alkyl-glycylamido moiety attached to the 9-position of minocycline.263 (See Fig. 25.1 for molecular structure.) The design is based on the premise that a peptide substituent would enhance ribosomal permeation and binding. The 9-glycyl substitution results in steric hindrance that enables tigecycline to overcome the two major types of tetracycline resistance: tetracycline-specific efflux pumps and ribosomal protection.264\
\
Tigecycline\'92s antibacterial mechanism of action is similar to that of older tetracyclines. It works by inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis by binding to bacterial 30S ribosomal subunits, ultimately blocking entry of aminoacyl transfer RNA molecules into the A site of the ribosome. This prevents amino acids from incorporating into elongating peptide chains, thus inhibiting protein synthesis.264,265 Like other tetracyclines, tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic because its interaction with the ribosome is reversible.8 Because glycylcyclines bind five times more strongly to the ribosome than tetracyclines, they are able to overcome the ribosomal protection mechanism of the tetracycline resistome.266,267\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Tigecycline is available only in intravenous formulation owing to its poor oral absorption. The recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by 50 mg every 12 hours. Infusions should be administered over approximately 30 to 60 minutes. According to the package insert, the recommended duration of treatment for cSSSIs or for cIAIs is 5 to 14 days. The recommended duration for treatment of CABP is 7 to 14 days. It has not been studied in children younger than 18.268\
\
In patients with renal impairment, no dose adjustment is necessary. In a pooled pharmacokinetic evaluation of tigecycline in healthy adult volunteers and in those with renal impairment, tigecycline had mostly linear pharmacokinetics across all dose ranges. Tigecycline is also not significantly removed by hemodialysis.269\
\
In patients with mild-to-moderate hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh A and B), no dose adjustment is necessary. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh C), the recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by a reduced maintenance dose of 25 mg every 12 hours. These patients should be treated with caution and monitored closely. In a study looking at various stages of liver dysfunction, patients with moderate liver disease had systemic clearance reduced by 25%, and the half-life was increased by 23%. In patients with severe liver disease, systemic clearance was decreased by 55% and the half-life was increased by 43%.270\
\
There do not appear to be any significant differences in tigecycline pharmacokinetic parameters on the basis of age, sex, or weight. Therefore, no dose adjustment appears necessary.271Page 340\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Tigecycline has limited oral bioavailability, hence it is available only in IV preparations. Food does not significantly alter pharmacokinetics and may reduce the nausea and vomiting seen as a side effect. The half-life of tigecycline ranges from 37 to 67 hours.272\
\
Drug Distribution\
In\'a0vitro plasma protein binding of tigecycline is 71% to 89%, and the volume of distribution is 7 to 10 L/kg, indicating extensive distribution into the tissues.272 In a 100-mg single-dose study of patients undergoing elective surgery or a medical procedure for tissue extraction, various tissue concentrations were measured. The respective mean and median concentration values of tigecycline in serum immediately after the end of a 100-mg infusion were 1.94 and 1.32 mg/L. Subsequent serum concentrations of tigecycline gradually declined to mean values of 0.22, 0.19, 0.11, and 0.07 mg/L at approximately 4, 8, 12, and 24 hours, respectively. Tissue penetration, expressed as the ratio of area under the curve (AUC)0\'9624h in tissue or body fluid to serum, was 537 for bile, 23 for gallbladder, 2.6 for colon, 2.0 for lung, 0.41 for bone, 0.31 for synovial fluid, and 0.11 for CSF.273 In a separate study of subjects without infections undergoing elective orthopedic procedures, multiple doses of tigecycline were shown to result in bone-to-serum ratios of approximately 4.77, showing penetration into bone.274 After standard dosing to 33 healthy volunteers, the tigecycline AUC0\'9612h in alveolar cells was 78-fold higher than the AUC0\'9612h in the serum. In epithelial lining fluid, the AUC0\'9612h was about 32% higher than in the serum.268,273 In the urine, after a 100-mg dose of tigecycline, urinary concentrations were about 0.3 \uc0\u956 g/mL.275 Clinical trials in urinary tract infections were abandoned on precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 Like the earlier-generation tetracyclines, tigecycline displays a time-dependent killing pattern and exhibits a considerable postantibiotic effect.277\
\
Drug Elimination\
The primary route of elimination for tigecycline is biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline and its metabolites. Using radiolabeled carbon-14 (14C)-tigecycline, studies have shown elimination primarily by the liver via biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline in the feces (59%). Glucuronidation and renal excretion of unchanged tigecycline are secondary routes. Thirty-two percent of tigecycline is eliminated in the urine.272,278\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Tigecycline has antibacterial activity against a wide variety of aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.4.Page 341\
\
TABLE 25.4\
\
Overview of the MIC50 and MIC90 Ranges, and the Wild-Type Cutoff Values for Various Species That Are Clinically Relevant for Tigecycline Use\
MIC50 (\uc0\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	Range (\u956 g/mL)	Eucast Wild-Type Cutoff\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'961	0.25\
S. aureus, methicillin-susceptible	0.12	0.12\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'961	0.25\
Staphylococcus epidermidis, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	0.5\
S. epidermidis, methicillin-susceptible	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'962	0.5\
Enterococcus faecalis, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
Enterococcus faecium, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
E. faecium, vancomycin-resistant	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.12		0.25\
Streptococcus pyogenes	0.06	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	0.125\
Streptococcus agalactiae	0.03\'960.06	0.12\'960.25	0.03\'961	0.25\
Streptococcus pneumoniae	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	\u8804 0.06\'961	0.125\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Enterobacterales	0.5	1	0.04\'9616	\'97\
Enterobacter spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.06\'968	\'97\
Enterobacter cloacae	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.5\'9616	2\
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.06\'9616	2\
Escherichia coli	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.03\'964	1\
Haemophilus influenzae	0.12\'960.5	0.25\'961	\uc0\u8804 0.008\'962	1\
Klebsiella spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.5\'968	2 (K. pneumoniae)\
Klebsiella pneumoniae ESBL+	1	2	0.12\'968	\'97\
Moraxella catarrhalis	0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.5	0.125\
Morganella morganii	2	4	1\'968	8\
Proteus spp.	4	4\'968	1\'9616	4/8\
Serratia spp.	1\'962	1\'964	0.5\'9616	4\
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	0.38\'961	1.5\'964	0.25\'968	4\
Pseudomonas aeruginosa	8\'9616	16 to \uc0\u8805 32	0.12\'9664	64\
Acinetobacter spp.	0.5\'963	1\'966	0.03\'968	\'97\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Bacteroides fragilis group	0.5\'961	0.5\'968	0.06\'9632	\'97\
Clostridioides difficile (formerly Clostridium difficile)	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	\'97\
Clostridium perfringens	0.12	1	0.06\'962	\'97\
Fusobacterium spp.	0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.25	\'97\
Peptostreptococcus spp.	0.06	0.06\'960.125	0.06\'960.12	\
ESBL, Extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; EUCAST, European Committee on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
From Nabuurs-Franssen M, Mouton JW. Tigecycline. In: Grayson ML, ed. Kucers\'92 The Use of Antibiotics. 6th ed. CRC Press; 2010:881\'96892.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against many Staphylococcus, Enterococcus, and Streptococcus species, including organisms resistant to many other classes of antibiotics. Among S. aureus, tigecycline has shown potent activity among both MSSA and MRSA strains.279-281 Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against community-associated MRSA strains as seen in a study of 1989 isolates with a susceptibility rate of 98.2%.282 In a European survey of common skin and skin structure pathogens, all MRSA isolates were susceptible to tigecycline.283\'a0Staphylococcus epidermidis has also been shown to be susceptible to tigecycline, including strains that are erythromycin resistant.284\
\
Tigecycline is also highly active against Enterococcus spp., including strains resistant to vancomycin. In a study of 97 vancomycin-resistant isolates, tigecycline was equally active against all VanA, VanB, and VanC phenotypes of glycopeptide resistance of enterococci.285 In the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) program, which took place from 2004 to 2009 and looked at various antimicrobials against Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium, all 2068 isolates of E. faecalis were susceptible to tigecycline in various European countries. Only 2 out of 893 (0.2%) of E. faecium isolates were resistant to tigecycline.286 In a Korean study, 4 out of 2005 (0.2%) of vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) isolates were resistant to tigecycline.287\
\
Streptococci have also been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline, including bloodstream isolates of viridans-group streptococcal species.288 Tigecycline has also shown excellent activity against \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci.289 Tigecycline was two- to fourfold more active than comparator agents against all 435 isolates of S. pneumoniae studied in the global TEST program, including those that were penicillin resistant and penicillin intermediate. Against the penicillin-susceptible S. pneumoniae isolates, tigecycline was less active than \u946 -lactam agents.290 In another study, tigecycline was noted to be bactericidal against 11 of 12 strains of S. pneumoniae.291\
\
Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against L. monocytogenes and coryneform bacteria.292\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Tigecycline has good activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of most strains of Proteus spp., Providencia spp., and Morganella spp.289,293,294 Enterobacterales that have developed resistance to tetracycline are susceptible to tigecycline because it remains stable and largely unaffected by the commonly occurring efflux and ribosomal protection resistance mechanisms. In a large global study, tetracycline-resistant populations demonstrated only modest decreases in potency to tigecycline, which appeared to be species dependent (up to twofold only for E. coli, Salmonella spp., Shigella spp., and Pantoea agglomerans and up to fourfold for Klebsiella spp., Enterobacter spp., and Citrobacter spp.).295 Other resistance mechanisms, such as extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase (ESBL) production, AmpC derepression, carbapenemase production, and resistance phenotypes, such as fluoroquinolone resistance, fluoroquinolone/ampicillin resistance, fluoroquinolone/TMP-SMX resistance, and multidrug resistance, do not have an influence on the MIC value of tigecycline.295-299\
\
Tigecycline has good activity against most lactose-nonfermenting gram-negative bacilli with the notable exception of P. aeruginosa. It remains one of the most active agents against Acinetobacter spp.290,293,300 Although most studies have noted a high level of Acinetobacter spp. susceptibility to tigecycline, one study in Israel noted that of 82 isolates, 66% were resistant, 12% were intermediate, and just 22% were susceptible to tigecycline.301 In the United States, most antimicrobial agents have shown reduced susceptibility to A. baumannii over recent years, including tigecycline.300\'a0S. maltophilia has been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline in\'a0vitro. In a large global survey of 1586 isolates, 95.5% were susceptible to tigecycline, which was second only to TMP-SMX (96%).302\
\
In another global study, 1220 strains of H. influenzae, 495 strains of Moraxella catarrhalis, and 17 strains of N. meningitidis were all susceptible to tigecycline.303\'a0Brucella melitensis is highly susceptible to tigecycline both in\'a0vitro and in blood and bone marrow cultures of adult patients with acute brucellosis.304-306 Tigecycline has reduced activity against B. cepacia.267\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against most gram-positive and gram-negative anaerobes. In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline were tested against 831 isolates of the B. fragilis group representing all of the species within the group. Tigecycline was more active than clindamycin, minocycline, and cefoxitin and less active than imipenem or piperacillin-tazobactam against all isolates of the B. fragilis group.307 In the European TEST program looking at Bacteroides, Prevotella, Anaerococcus, Clostridium, Finegoldia, and Peptostreptococcus spp., the lowest MIC values were noted for meropenem and tigecycline. Of note, tigecycline showed the lowest MIC90 against C. difficile (0.25 mg/L).308\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Tigecycline is highly active against C. pneumoniae, C. trachomatis, M. pneumoniae, and M. hominis.85,309 It is less active against U. urealyticum than tetracycline, with an MIC90 of 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL.309 In a guinea pig model, tigecycline was shown to be as effective as erythromycin against L. pneumophila, but the drug was inactivated by test medium that confounded susceptibility data. Tigecycline prevented death in the study, but treated guinea pigs were noted to have residual bacterial concentrations in the lungs, suggesting that tigecycline may not be the drug of choice for severe legionnaires\'92 disease, and prolonged therapy would be required.310\
\
Mycobacteria and Nocardia\
The rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM) appear to be highly susceptible to tigecycline. In two separate studies, every RGM isolate, mostly consisting of M. fortuitum, M. abscessus, and M. chelonae, was susceptible to tigecycline.97,311 All slowly growing nontuberculous mycobacteria, including M. avium complex, Mycobacterium lentiflavum, M. marinum, and M. kansasii, are resistant to tigecycline.97 The in\'a0vitro activity against M. tuberculosis appears poor.312 Tigecycline has modest activity against Nocardia spp., with an MIC90 of 4 \uc0\u956 g/mL. By comparison, minocycline has an MIC90 of 2 \u956 g/mL.103\
\
Clinical Uses\
Tigecycline is currently FDA approved for three indications: treatment of cSSSIs, cIAIs, and CABP. It is also used off-label for many other disease processes.\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Several clinical studies have compared tigecycline versus a combination of vancomycin and aztreonam for up to 14 days for the treatment of skin and skin structure infections. Similar results have been seen across studies that have shown tigecycline to be noninferior. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, tests of cure were between 73.3% and 84.3% for tigecycline and between 66.6% and 86.9% for the vancomycin-aztreonam group. Tests of cure for the clinically evaluable populations were 78.6% to 89.8% and 75.8% to 95%, respectively. Increased nausea and vomiting was consistently seen in the tigecycline group, whereas rash and elevated transaminases were consistently seen in the vancomycin-aztreonam group.256,313-316 In the largest study, no differences were noted in clinical cure rates in patients who were bacteremic (86% vs. 87.5%). Tigecycline had equal efficacy in patients with monomicrobial and polymicrobial infections.256\
\
In a phase III, randomized, double-blind trial conducted in subjects with diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, a 150-mg once-daily regimen of tigecycline did not meet criteria for noninferiority compared with ertapenem with or without vancomycin.317\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Tigecycline is an attractive option to treat cIAIs because its broad spectrum of activity is favorable against a potentially polymicrobial infection. In two large studies of cIAIs, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for 5 to 14 days of treatment. Complicated appendicitis was the most common infection, followed by complicated cholecystitis. The most common organisms were E. coli, Streptococcus anginosus group, and B. fragilis. Acute Physiology and Chronic Page 342Health Evaluation (APACHE) II scores were similar, and less than 4% of patients had scores over 15. Clinical cure rates were 86.1% for tigecycline and 86.2% for imipenem-cilastatin, meeting noninferiority criteria. There was no difference in cure rates between the two therapies for monomicrobial versus polymicrobial infections. Clinical cure rates for bacteremia were also similar (82% vs. 80%, respectively). Nausea and vomiting were more frequent in the tigecycline group.257,318\
\
Two other studies have compared tigecycline with a combination of ceftriaxone plus metronidazole for cIAIs. Clinical cure rates were between 70.4% and 81.8% in the tigecycline group and 74.3% and 79.4% in the ceftriaxone-metronidazole group, again displaying noninferiority.319,320\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Tigecycline has been approved for the treatment of CABP. It has been compared with levofloxacin in multiple studies with treatment durations between 7 and 14 days and Fine Pneumonia Severity Index scores typically from II to IV. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, test-of-cure results were between 78.7% and 84.4% for tigecycline and between 77.8% and 82.1% for the levofloxacin group. Test-of-cure results for the clinically evaluable populations were 88.9% and 90.6% and 85.3% and 87.2%, respectively. All trials met noninferiority criteria for tigecycline. As with other clinical trials, more patients tended to have nausea and vomiting in the tigecycline groups.258,259,321,322\
\
Tigecycline has also been looked at for treating VAP and HAP. In a retrospective review of 117 patients with VAP treated with tigecycline, 74 (63%) were determined by the physician to have clinical success. About half of the patients had a microbiologic diagnosis, and of those the most common organisms were Acinetobacter spp. (69%) and MRSA (22%). Eighty-four percent of the cases with Acinetobacter spp. were carbapenem resistant. Global mortality proportion was 33%.323 In a phase III randomized controlled trial involving 945 patients, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for the treatment of HAP. Cure rates were 67.9% for tigecycline and 78.2% for imipenem-cilastatin in the clinically evaluable group and 62.7% and 67.6% in the clinical modified intention-to-treat group, respectively. A statistical interaction occurred between VAP and non-VAP subgroups, with significantly lower cure rates in tigecycline-treated VAP patients compared with imipenem; in non-VAP patients, tigecycline was noninferior to imipenem. Overall mortality did not differ between the tigecycline (14.1%) and imipenem-cilastatin regimens (12.2%), although more deaths occurred in VAP patients treated with tigecycline than imipenem-cilastin.324 In a subsequent phase II study, the safety and efficacy of two higher doses of tigecycline (150 mg followed by 75 mg every 12 hours or 200 mg followed by 100 mg every 12 hours) were compared with imipenem-cilastatin in participants with HAP. In the clinically evaluable population, the rate of clinical cure with tigecycline 100 mg (17/20, 85.0%) was numerically higher than with tigecycline 75 mg (16/23, 69.6%) and imipenem-cilastatin (18/24, 75.0%). No new safety signals with the high-dose tigecycline were identified.325\
\
Other Uses\
Tigecycline is also used for many off-label indications. In an early-use registry of 113 patients, 22% received tigecycline for approved indications and 78% for off-label indications (56% with scientific support and 22% with limited or no scientific support).326\
\
Although there are no randomized prospective trials looking at the use of tigecycline for bacteremia, secondary bacteremia in prior clinical trials has been analyzed. Pooled data from subjects enrolled for treatment of cSSSI, cIAI, or CAP presenting with bacteremia from seven double-blind and one open-label trial of tigecycline compared with vancomycin-aztreonam, imipenem-cilastatin, levofloxacin, vancomycin, or linezolid were analyzed. A total of 170 subjects were identified, and clinical cure rates were 81.3% and 78.5% for tigecycline and the comparator. Nine patients treated with tigecycline were noted to have persistent bacteremia, as compared with one in the comparator group.327 Tigecycline, in a solution with N-acetylcysteine and heparin, was evaluated as a catheter-lock solution for catheter salvage in patients with hemodialysis catheter-associated bacteremia. Eighteen case patients received the catheter-lock solution for 14 days plus systemic antibiotic therapy. Treatment was successful for 15 (83%) of the 18 case patients within 90 days of follow-up.328\
\
In critically ill patients who have developed bacterial infections with multidrug resistance, tigecycline remains an attractive option owing to its ability to maintain in\'a0vitro activity. A phase III, open-label, noncomparator study evaluated tigecycline in patients with selected serious infections caused by resistant gram-negative bacteria, patients with treatment failures who had received prior antimicrobial therapy, or patients unable to tolerate other appropriate antimicrobials. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, CAP, HAP, VAP, and bacteremia (including catheter-associated bacteremia). Clinical cure rate was 72.2%, and the microbiologic eradication rate was 66.7%.329 Another phase III study compared the safety and efficacy of tigecycline with vancomycin or linezolid in hospitalized patients with MRSA or VRE infections. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, pneumonia, and bacteremia. For MRSA infection, clinical cure rates in the microbiologically evaluable population (n = 117) were 81.4% (70/86 patients) with tigecycline and 83.9% (26/31 patients) with vancomycin. Most infections were cSSSIs. There were only 15 patients enrolled with VRE, and the authors were not able to draw any conclusions.330 In a report of 110 cancer patients who developed serious infections, 64% were noted to have a clinical response when treated with tigecycline (92% were treated in combination with an antipseudomonal agent). Interesting to note, more patients with bacteremia than pneumonia had clinical response (79% vs. 51%). Mortality rates of those with pneumonia were 44%, compared with 16% with bacteremia.331 The combination of piperacillin-tazobactam and tigecycline was found to be more effective than piperacillin-tazobactam alone in febrile, neutropenic hematologic patients with cancer in an epidemiologic setting characterized by a high rate of MDR microorganisms.332 In a prospective, observational study of adults with extensively drug-resistant A. baumannii bacteremia, increased 14-day mortality was observed with the combination of colistin-tigecycline compared with a colistin-carbapenem regimen. The excess mortality may have been restricted to the subgroup with higher tigecycline MICs (>2 \uc0\u956 g/mL).333 In a systematic review and meta-analysis, tigecycline, particularly when given in high-Newer Tetracycline Derivatives\
Tigecycline\
\
Glycylcyclines are a novel class of antibacterial drugs that have been developed to combat the emergence of antibiotic-resistant organisms, including those resistant to conventional tetracyclines. Tigecycline is the first member of the class to be approved by the FDA in 2005. Page 339It was originally approved for the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections (cSSSIs) and cIAIs based on noninferiority studies.256,257 In 2009, tigecycline was approved for the treatment of CABP based on comparable cure rates in patients treated with levofloxacin.258,259 Tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic and is active in\'a0vitro against a broad range of antibiotic-resistant aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The FDA issued a warning regarding an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections based on the pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable.261 In general, the deaths appear related to worsening or complications of the infection or underlying comorbidities. Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP) trial, particularly those with ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
TABLE 25.3\
\
Significant Food-Drug and Drug-Drug Interactions With Tetracyclines\
Interacting Agent	Effect	Comments\
Food	Tetracycline	\
Food may reduce absorption by 50%	Bioavailability is 60%\'9680% when taken on an empty stomach\
Doxycycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Minocycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Divalent or trivalent cations: aluminum, calcium, magnesium, iron, zinc	Significant reduction of all tetracycline absorption	Should not be administered concurrently with foods or drugs containing divalent or trivalent cations (i.e., antacids, sucralfate, didanosine, multivitamins)\
Kaolin and pectin	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	\
Bismuth subsalicylate	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	Separate administration of tetracycline from divalent or trivalent cations by 2hours\
Sodium bicarbonate	May decrease absorption of tetracycline	\
Cimetidine	Decreased tetracycline absorption	Effect not clinically significant\
Carbamazepine, phenytoin, barbiturates	Decreased half-life of doxycycline	Increases hepatic metabolism\
Chronic ethanol ingestion	Decreased half-life of doxycycline but not tetracycline	Possible mechanism: induction of hepatic microsomal enzymes\
Methoxyflurane or fluorinated anesthetic	Nephrotoxicity when administered with tetracycline agents	\
Diuretics	Increased blood urea nitrogen	Volume depletion may increase the nephrotoxic effects of tetracycline by unknown mechanisms\
Oral anticoagulants	Increased risk of bleeding	Tetracyclines may impair utilization of prothrombin and may decrease vitamin K production by intestinal bacteria; tigecycline decreases warfarin clearance, although a study found no effect in healthy volunteers\
Oral contraceptives	Reduced levels when administered with tetracyclines	\
Women should use an additional (mechanical) form of birth control\
Possible mechanism: reduction in bacterial hydrolysis of conjugated estrogen in the intestine\
Antiinfectives	May reduce antimicrobial activity of aminoglycosides and penicillins	\
Rare reports of in\'a0vitro antagonism\
Some clinicians recommend that the drugs not be used concomitantly\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Tigecycline is a semisynthetic derivative of minocycline. It has an N-alkyl-glycylamido moiety attached to the 9-position of minocycline.263 (See Fig. 25.1 for molecular structure.) The design is based on the premise that a peptide substituent would enhance ribosomal permeation and binding. The 9-glycyl substitution results in steric hindrance that enables tigecycline to overcome the two major types of tetracycline resistance: tetracycline-specific efflux pumps and ribosomal protection.264\
\
Tigecycline\'92s antibacterial mechanism of action is similar to that of older tetracyclines. It works by inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis by binding to bacterial 30S ribosomal subunits, ultimately blocking entry of aminoacyl transfer RNA molecules into the A site of the ribosome. This prevents amino acids from incorporating into elongating peptide chains, thus inhibiting protein synthesis.264,265 Like other tetracyclines, tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic because its interaction with the ribosome is reversible.8 Because glycylcyclines bind five times more strongly to the ribosome than tetracyclines, they are able to overcome the ribosomal protection mechanism of the tetracycline resistome.266,267\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Tigecycline is available only in intravenous formulation owing to its poor oral absorption. The recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by 50 mg every 12 hours. Infusions should be administered over approximately 30 to 60 minutes. According to the package insert, the recommended duration of treatment for cSSSIs or for cIAIs is 5 to 14 days. The recommended duration for treatment of CABP is 7 to 14 days. It has not been studied in children younger than 18.268\
\
In patients with renal impairment, no dose adjustment is necessary. In a pooled pharmacokinetic evaluation of tigecycline in healthy adult volunteers and in those with renal impairment, tigecycline had mostly linear pharmacokinetics across all dose ranges. Tigecycline is also not significantly removed by hemodialysis.269\
\
In patients with mild-to-moderate hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh A and B), no dose adjustment is necessary. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh C), the recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by a reduced maintenance dose of 25 mg every 12 hours. These patients should be treated with caution and monitored closely. In a study looking at various stages of liver dysfunction, patients with moderate liver disease had systemic clearance reduced by 25%, and the half-life was increased by 23%. In patients with severe liver disease, systemic clearance was decreased by 55% and the half-life was increased by 43%.270\
\
There do not appear to be any significant differences in tigecycline pharmacokinetic parameters on the basis of age, sex, or weight. Therefore, no dose adjustment appears necessary.271Page 340\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Tigecycline has limited oral bioavailability, hence it is available only in IV preparations. Food does not significantly alter pharmacokinetics and may reduce the nausea and vomiting seen as a side effect. The half-life of tigecycline ranges from 37 to 67 hours.272\
\
Drug Distribution\
In\'a0vitro plasma protein binding of tigecycline is 71% to 89%, and the volume of distribution is 7 to 10 L/kg, indicating extensive distribution into the tissues.272 In a 100-mg single-dose study of patients undergoing elective surgery or a medical procedure for tissue extraction, various tissue concentrations were measured. The respective mean and median concentration values of tigecycline in serum immediately after the end of a 100-mg infusion were 1.94 and 1.32 mg/L. Subsequent serum concentrations of tigecycline gradually declined to mean values of 0.22, 0.19, 0.11, and 0.07 mg/L at approximately 4, 8, 12, and 24 hours, respectively. Tissue penetration, expressed as the ratio of area under the curve (AUC)0\'9624h in tissue or body fluid to serum, was 537 for bile, 23 for gallbladder, 2.6 for colon, 2.0 for lung, 0.41 for bone, 0.31 for synovial fluid, and 0.11 for CSF.273 In a separate study of subjects without infections undergoing elective orthopedic procedures, multiple doses of tigecycline were shown to result in bone-to-serum ratios of approximately 4.77, showing penetration into bone.274 After standard dosing to 33 healthy volunteers, the tigecycline AUC0\'9612h in alveolar cells was 78-fold higher than the AUC0\'9612h in the serum. In epithelial lining fluid, the AUC0\'9612h was about 32% higher than in the serum.268,273 In the urine, after a 100-mg dose of tigecycline, urinary concentrations were about 0.3 \uc0\u956 g/mL.275 Clinical trials in urinary tract infections were abandoned on precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 Like the earlier-generation tetracyclines, tigecycline displays a time-dependent killing pattern and exhibits a considerable postantibiotic effect.277\
\
Drug Elimination\
The primary route of elimination for tigecycline is biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline and its metabolites. Using radiolabeled carbon-14 (14C)-tigecycline, studies have shown elimination primarily by the liver via biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline in the feces (59%). Glucuronidation and renal excretion of unchanged tigecycline are secondary routes. Thirty-two percent of tigecycline is eliminated in the urine.272,278\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Tigecycline has antibacterial activity against a wide variety of aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.4.Page 341\
\
TABLE 25.4\
\
Overview of the MIC50 and MIC90 Ranges, and the Wild-Type Cutoff Values for Various Species That Are Clinically Relevant for Tigecycline Use\
MIC50 (\uc0\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	Range (\u956 g/mL)	Eucast Wild-Type Cutoff\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'961	0.25\
S. aureus, methicillin-susceptible	0.12	0.12\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'961	0.25\
Staphylococcus epidermidis, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	0.5\
S. epidermidis, methicillin-susceptible	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'962	0.5\
Enterococcus faecalis, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
Enterococcus faecium, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
E. faecium, vancomycin-resistant	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.12		0.25\
Streptococcus pyogenes	0.06	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	0.125\
Streptococcus agalactiae	0.03\'960.06	0.12\'960.25	0.03\'961	0.25\
Streptococcus pneumoniae	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	\u8804 0.06\'961	0.125\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Enterobacterales	0.5	1	0.04\'9616	\'97\
Enterobacter spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.06\'968	\'97\
Enterobacter cloacae	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.5\'9616	2\
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.06\'9616	2\
Escherichia coli	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.03\'964	1\
Haemophilus influenzae	0.12\'960.5	0.25\'961	\uc0\u8804 0.008\'962	1\
Klebsiella spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.5\'968	2 (K. pneumoniae)\
Klebsiella pneumoniae ESBL+	1	2	0.12\'968	\'97\
Moraxella catarrhalis	0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.5	0.125\
Morganella morganii	2	4	1\'968	8\
Proteus spp.	4	4\'968	1\'9616	4/8\
Serratia spp.	1\'962	1\'964	0.5\'9616	4\
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	0.38\'961	1.5\'964	0.25\'968	4\
Pseudomonas aeruginosa	8\'9616	16 to \uc0\u8805 32	0.12\'9664	64\
Acinetobacter spp.	0.5\'963	1\'966	0.03\'968	\'97\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Bacteroides fragilis group	0.5\'961	0.5\'968	0.06\'9632	\'97\
Clostridioides difficile (formerly Clostridium difficile)	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	\'97\
Clostridium perfringens	0.12	1	0.06\'962	\'97\
Fusobacterium spp.	0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.25	\'97\
Peptostreptococcus spp.	0.06	0.06\'960.125	0.06\'960.12	\
ESBL, Extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; EUCAST, European Committee on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
From Nabuurs-Franssen M, Mouton JW. Tigecycline. In: Grayson ML, ed. Kucers\'92 The Use of Antibiotics. 6th ed. CRC Press; 2010:881\'96892.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against many Staphylococcus, Enterococcus, and Streptococcus species, including organisms resistant to many other classes of antibiotics. Among S. aureus, tigecycline has shown potent activity among both MSSA and MRSA strains.279-281 Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against community-associated MRSA strains as seen in a study of 1989 isolates with a susceptibility rate of 98.2%.282 In a European survey of common skin and skin structure pathogens, all MRSA isolates were susceptible to tigecycline.283\'a0Staphylococcus epidermidis has also been shown to be susceptible to tigecycline, including strains that are erythromycin resistant.284\
\
Tigecycline is also highly active against Enterococcus spp., including strains resistant to vancomycin. In a study of 97 vancomycin-resistant isolates, tigecycline was equally active against all VanA, VanB, and VanC phenotypes of glycopeptide resistance of enterococci.285 In the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) program, which took place from 2004 to 2009 and looked at various antimicrobials against Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium, all 2068 isolates of E. faecalis were susceptible to tigecycline in various European countries. Only 2 out of 893 (0.2%) of E. faecium isolates were resistant to tigecycline.286 In a Korean study, 4 out of 2005 (0.2%) of vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) isolates were resistant to tigecycline.287\
\
Streptococci have also been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline, including bloodstream isolates of viridans-group streptococcal species.288 Tigecycline has also shown excellent activity against \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci.289 Tigecycline was two- to fourfold more active than comparator agents against all 435 isolates of S. pneumoniae studied in the global TEST program, including those that were penicillin resistant and penicillin intermediate. Against the penicillin-susceptible S. pneumoniae isolates, tigecycline was less active than \u946 -lactam agents.290 In another study, tigecycline was noted to be bactericidal against 11 of 12 strains of S. pneumoniae.291\
\
Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against L. monocytogenes and coryneform bacteria.292\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Tigecycline has good activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of most strains of Proteus spp., Providencia spp., and Morganella spp.289,293,294 Enterobacterales that have developed resistance to tetracycline are susceptible to tigecycline because it remains stable and largely unaffected by the commonly occurring efflux and ribosomal protection resistance mechanisms. In a large global study, tetracycline-resistant populations demonstrated only modest decreases in potency to tigecycline, which appeared to be species dependent (up to twofold only for E. coli, Salmonella spp., Shigella spp., and Pantoea agglomerans and up to fourfold for Klebsiella spp., Enterobacter spp., and Citrobacter spp.).295 Other resistance mechanisms, such as extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase (ESBL) production, AmpC derepression, carbapenemase production, and resistance phenotypes, such as fluoroquinolone resistance, fluoroquinolone/ampicillin resistance, fluoroquinolone/TMP-SMX resistance, and multidrug resistance, do not have an influence on the MIC value of tigecycline.295-299\
\
Tigecycline has good activity against most lactose-nonfermenting gram-negative bacilli with the notable exception of P. aeruginosa. It remains one of the most active agents against Acinetobacter spp.290,293,300 Although most studies have noted a high level of Acinetobacter spp. susceptibility to tigecycline, one study in Israel noted that of 82 isolates, 66% were resistant, 12% were intermediate, and just 22% were susceptible to tigecycline.301 In the United States, most antimicrobial agents have shown reduced susceptibility to A. baumannii over recent years, including tigecycline.300\'a0S. maltophilia has been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline in\'a0vitro. In a large global survey of 1586 isolates, 95.5% were susceptible to tigecycline, which was second only to TMP-SMX (96%).302\
\
In another global study, 1220 strains of H. influenzae, 495 strains of Moraxella catarrhalis, and 17 strains of N. meningitidis were all susceptible to tigecycline.303\'a0Brucella melitensis is highly susceptible to tigecycline both in\'a0vitro and in blood and bone marrow cultures of adult patients with acute brucellosis.304-306 Tigecycline has reduced activity against B. cepacia.267\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against most gram-positive and gram-negative anaerobes. In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline were tested against 831 isolates of the B. fragilis group representing all of the species within the group. Tigecycline was more active than clindamycin, minocycline, and cefoxitin and less active than imipenem or piperacillin-tazobactam against all isolates of the B. fragilis group.307 In the European TEST program looking at Bacteroides, Prevotella, Anaerococcus, Clostridium, Finegoldia, and Peptostreptococcus spp., the lowest MIC values were noted for meropenem and tigecycline. Of note, tigecycline showed the lowest MIC90 against C. difficile (0.25 mg/L).308\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Tigecycline is highly active against C. pneumoniae, C. trachomatis, M. pneumoniae, and M. hominis.85,309 It is less active against U. urealyticum than tetracycline, with an MIC90 of 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL.309 In a guinea pig model, tigecycline was shown to be as effective as erythromycin against L. pneumophila, but the drug was inactivated by test medium that confounded susceptibility data. Tigecycline prevented death in the study, but treated guinea pigs were noted to have residual bacterial concentrations in the lungs, suggesting that tigecycline may not be the drug of choice for severe legionnaires\'92 disease, and prolonged therapy would be required.310\
\
Mycobacteria and Nocardia\
The rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM) appear to be highly susceptible to tigecycline. In two separate studies, every RGM isolate, mostly consisting of M. fortuitum, M. abscessus, and M. chelonae, was susceptible to tigecycline.97,311 All slowly growing nontuberculous mycobacteria, including M. avium complex, Mycobacterium lentiflavum, M. marinum, and M. kansasii, are resistant to tigecycline.97 The in\'a0vitro activity against M. tuberculosis appears poor.312 Tigecycline has modest activity against Nocardia spp., with an MIC90 of 4 \uc0\u956 g/mL. By comparison, minocycline has an MIC90 of 2 \u956 g/mL.103\
\
Clinical Uses\
Tigecycline is currently FDA approved for three indications: treatment of cSSSIs, cIAIs, and CABP. It is also used off-label for many other disease processes.\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Several clinical studies have compared tigecycline versus a combination of vancomycin and aztreonam for up to 14 days for the treatment of skin and skin structure infections. Similar results have been seen across studies that have shown tigecycline to be noninferior. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, tests of cure were between 73.3% and 84.3% for tigecycline and between 66.6% and 86.9% for the vancomycin-aztreonam group. Tests of cure for the clinically evaluable populations were 78.6% to 89.8% and 75.8% to 95%, respectively. Increased nausea and vomiting was consistently seen in the tigecycline group, whereas rash and elevated transaminases were consistently seen in the vancomycin-aztreonam group.256,313-316 In the largest study, no differences were noted in clinical cure rates in patients who were bacteremic (86% vs. 87.5%). Tigecycline had equal efficacy in patients with monomicrobial and polymicrobial infections.256\
\
In a phase III, randomized, double-blind trial conducted in subjects with diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, a 150-mg once-daily regimen of tigecycline did not meet criteria for noninferiority compared with ertapenem with or without vancomycin.317\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Tigecycline is an attractive option to treat cIAIs because its broad spectrum of activity is favorable against a potentially polymicrobial infection. In two large studies of cIAIs, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for 5 to 14 days of treatment. Complicated appendicitis was the most common infection, followed by complicated cholecystitis. The most common organisms were E. coli, Streptococcus anginosus group, and B. fragilis. Acute Physiology and Chronic Page 342Health Evaluation (APACHE) II scores were similar, and less than 4% of patients had scores over 15. Clinical cure rates were 86.1% for tigecycline and 86.2% for imipenem-cilastatin, meeting noninferiority criteria. There was no difference in cure rates between the two therapies for monomicrobial versus polymicrobial infections. Clinical cure rates for bacteremia were also similar (82% vs. 80%, respectively). Nausea and vomiting were more frequent in the tigecycline group.257,318\
\
Two other studies have compared tigecycline with a combination of ceftriaxone plus metronidazole for cIAIs. Clinical cure rates were between 70.4% and 81.8% in the tigecycline group and 74.3% and 79.4% in the ceftriaxone-metronidazole group, again displaying noninferiority.319,320\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Tigecycline has been approved for the treatment of CABP. It has been compared with levofloxacin in multiple studies with treatment durations between 7 and 14 days and Fine Pneumonia Severity Index scores typically from II to IV. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, test-of-cure results were between 78.7% and 84.4% for tigecycline and between 77.8% and 82.1% for the levofloxacin group. Test-of-cure results for the clinically evaluable populations were 88.9% and 90.6% and 85.3% and 87.2%, respectively. All trials met noninferiority criteria for tigecycline. As with other clinical trials, more patients tended to have nausea and vomiting in the tigecycline groups.258,259,321,322\
\
Tigecycline has also been looked at for treating VAP and HAP. In a retrospective review of 117 patients with VAP treated with tigecycline, 74 (63%) were determined by the physician to have clinical success. About half of the patients had a microbiologic diagnosis, and of those the most common organisms were Acinetobacter spp. (69%) and MRSA (22%). Eighty-four percent of the cases with Acinetobacter spp. were carbapenem resistant. Global mortality proportion was 33%.323 In a phase III randomized controlled trial involving 945 patients, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for the treatment of HAP. Cure rates were 67.9% for tigecycline and 78.2% for imipenem-cilastatin in the clinically evaluable group and 62.7% and 67.6% in the clinical modified intention-to-treat group, respectively. A statistical interaction occurred between VAP and non-VAP subgroups, with significantly lower cure rates in tigecycline-treated VAP patients compared with imipenem; in non-VAP patients, tigecycline was noninferior to imipenem. Overall mortality did not differ between the tigecycline (14.1%) and imipenem-cilastatin regimens (12.2%), although more deaths occurred in VAP patients treated with tigecycline than imipenem-cilastin.324 In a subsequent phase II study, the safety and efficacy of two higher doses of tigecycline (150 mg followed by 75 mg every 12 hours or 200 mg followed by 100 mg every 12 hours) were compared with imipenem-cilastatin in participants with HAP. In the clinically evaluable population, the rate of clinical cure with tigecycline 100 mg (17/20, 85.0%) was numerically higher than with tigecycline 75 mg (16/23, 69.6%) and imipenem-cilastatin (18/24, 75.0%). No new safety signals with the high-dose tigecycline were identified.325\
\
Other Uses\
Tigecycline is also used for many off-label indications. In an early-use registry of 113 patients, 22% received tigecycline for approved indications and 78% for off-label indications (56% with scientific support and 22% with limited or no scientific support).326\
\
Although there are no randomized prospective trials looking at the use of tigecycline for bacteremia, secondary bacteremia in prior clinical trials has been analyzed. Pooled data from subjects enrolled for treatment of cSSSI, cIAI, or CAP presenting with bacteremia from seven double-blind and one open-label trial of tigecycline compared with vancomycin-aztreonam, imipenem-cilastatin, levofloxacin, vancomycin, or linezolid were analyzed. A total of 170 subjects were identified, and clinical cure rates were 81.3% and 78.5% for tigecycline and the comparator. Nine patients treated with tigecycline were noted to have persistent bacteremia, as compared with one in the comparator group.327 Tigecycline, in a solution with N-acetylcysteine and heparin, was evaluated as a catheter-lock solution for catheter salvage in patients with hemodialysis catheter-associated bacteremia. Eighteen case patients received the catheter-lock solution for 14 days plus systemic antibiotic therapy. Treatment was successful for 15 (83%) of the 18 case patients within 90 days of follow-up.328\
\
In critically ill patients who have developed bacterial infections with multidrug resistance, tigecycline remains an attractive option owing to its ability to maintain in\'a0vitro activity. A phase III, open-label, noncomparator study evaluated tigecycline in patients with selected serious infections caused by resistant gram-negative bacteria, patients with treatment failures who had received prior antimicrobial therapy, or patients unable to tolerate other appropriate antimicrobials. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, CAP, HAP, VAP, and bacteremia (including catheter-associated bacteremia). Clinical cure rate was 72.2%, and the microbiologic eradication rate was 66.7%.329 Another phase III study compared the safety and efficacy of tigecycline with vancomycin or linezolid in hospitalized patients with MRSA or VRE infections. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, pneumonia, and bacteremia. For MRSA infection, clinical cure rates in the microbiologically evaluable population (n = 117) were 81.4% (70/86 patients) with tigecycline and 83.9% (26/31 patients) with vancomycin. Most infections were cSSSIs. There were only 15 patients enrolled with VRE, and the authors were not able to draw any conclusions.330 In a report of 110 cancer patients who developed serious infections, 64% were noted to have a clinical response when treated with tigecycline (92% were treated in combination with an antipseudomonal agent). Interesting to note, more patients with bacteremia than pneumonia had clinical response (79% vs. 51%). Mortality rates of those with pneumonia were 44%, compared with 16% with bacteremia.331 The combination of piperacillin-tazobactam and tigecycline was found to be more effective than piperacillin-tazobactam alone in febrile, neutropenic hematologic patients with cancer in an epidemiologic setting characterized by a high rate of MDR microorganisms.332 In a prospective, observational study of adults with extensively drug-resistant A. baumannii bacteremia, increased 14-day mortality was observed with the combination of colistin-tigecycline compared with a colistin-carbapenem regimen. The excess mortality may have been restricted to the subgroup with higher tigecycline MICs (>2 \uc0\u956 g/mL).333 In a systematic review and meta-analysis, tigecycline, particularly when given in high-doses and in combination with other agents, was found to have similar efficacy to other antibiotics for treating carbapenem-resistant gram-negative bacterial infections.334\
\
Clinical trials that have looked at use of tigecycline for urinary tract infections were abandoned at precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 In a retrospective cohort study of carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae bacteriuria, tigecycline, polymyxin B, and an aminoglycoside were compared. The microbiologic clearance rate was 88% in the aminoglycoside cohort (n = 41), 64% in the polymyxin B cohort (n = 25), 43% in the tigecycline cohort (n = 21), and 36% in an untreated cohort.335 Success with tigecycline for treating MDR K. pneumoniae and A. baumannii urinary tract infection or urosepsis has been reported with use of higher than approved doses of tigecycline, with initial doses between 200 and 400 mg and subsequent maintenance doses of 100 to 200 mg every 24 hours.275\
\
Interest in using tigecycline for CDIs has arisen owing to its in\'a0vitro activity and high stool concentrations. Currently, no randomized controlled trials have evaluated tigecycline for the treatment of CDI. There have been multiple case reports of use of tigecycline (alone or in combination with other CDI therapies) for the treatment of CDI, with most having a successful outcome.336-338 In a retrospective case-control study of severe CDI, 18 patients who received tigecycline (along with other CDI therapies) were compared with 26 similarly ill patients who did not receive tigecycline. There was no difference with regard to CDI survival, rates of colectomy, or relapse rates.339 In a propensity-matched cohort study of 28 cases of CDI treated with tigecycline compared with 140 cases without tigecycline, 30-day mortality was not statistically different.340\
\
Limited data exist regarding use of tigecycline for bone and joint infections. In the previously mentioned phase III study in diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, clinical cure rates in the substudy were low (<36%) for a subset of tigecycline-treated patients with osteomyelitis.317 Other small cases series have reported varying degrees of success using tigecycline for osteomyelitis.341,342Page 343\
\
Treatment of infections with RGM can be difficult. The safety and efficacy of a tigecycline-containing regimen for salvage treatment of 52 patients with M. abscessus and M. chelonae was performed. Included patients had both lung and extrapulmonary infections. Tigecycline given for at least 1 month as part of a multidrug regimen resulted in improvement in over 60% of patients, including those with underlying cystic fibrosis, despite failure of prior antibiotic therapy. AEs were reported in over 90% of cases, the most common being nausea and vomiting.343\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Tigecycline remains active against bacteria that contain efflux-mediated resistance to tetracyclines. This is likely a result of the efflux pump\'92s ineffectiveness in transporting tigecycline out of the cell, or from the inability of tigecycline to induce efflux proteins.344,345 There is also currently no evidence of gene mutations coding for RPPs for the tet family (tet(M), tet(O), tet(S)) for reduced susceptibility to tigecycline.\
\
The most common intrinsic tigecycline resistance observed in Proteus mirabilis and Morganella morganii is drug recognition and upregulation by the AcrAB efflux pump.346,347 Overexpression of this pump is also associated with the development of resistance to other gram-negative bacteria. P. aeruginosa is intrinsically resistant to tigecycline as a result of the MexXY-OprM multidrug efflux pump.348 A novel plasmid-mediated multidrug-resistant RND family efflux pump, TMexCD1-TOprJ1, has been identified in carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae and other gram-negative bacilli including Pseudomonas spp. in China.349\
\
The overexpression of MepA, a novel MATE family efflux pump, may contribute to decreased activity of tigecycline against S. aureus.350\
\
Adverse Reactions\
Gastrointestinal Side Effects\
\
As with older tetracyclines, the most commonly reported adverse reactions to tigecycline are gastrointestinal in nature. As seen in multiple phase III clinical trials, nausea (26%) and vomiting (18%) were the most reported side effects.256,257,268,313,351 The majority of these symptoms (95%) were mild to moderate and occurred after 1 to 2 days of therapy. The side effects are dose related; 100 mg was the highest dose tolerated in fasting healthy participants, and 200 mg was the highest dose tolerated with food.272 However, the risk of side effects was found to be similar in a review of 134 patients given standard or high-dose regimens for VAP.352 Less reported side effects are anorexia, dry mouth, dysgeusia, and loose stool.296\
\
Newer Tetracycline Derivatives\
Tigecycline\
\
Glycylcyclines are a novel class of antibacterial drugs that have been developed to combat the emergence of antibiotic-resistant organisms, including those resistant to conventional tetracyclines. Tigecycline is the first member of the class to be approved by the FDA in 2005. Page 339It was originally approved for the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections (cSSSIs) and cIAIs based on noninferiority studies.256,257 In 2009, tigecycline was approved for the treatment of CABP based on comparable cure rates in patients treated with levofloxacin.258,259 Tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic and is active in\'a0vitro against a broad range of antibiotic-resistant aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The FDA issued a warning regarding an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections based on the pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable.261 In general, the deaths appear related to worsening or complications of the infection or underlying comorbidities. Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP) trial, particularly those with ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
TABLE 25.3\
\
Significant Food-Drug and Drug-Drug Interactions With Tetracyclines\
Interacting Agent	Effect	Comments\
Food	Tetracycline	\
Food may reduce absorption by 50%	Bioavailability is 60%\'9680% when taken on an empty stomach\
Doxycycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Minocycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Divalent or trivalent cations: aluminum, calcium, magnesium, iron, zinc	Significant reduction of all tetracycline absorption	Should not be administered concurrently with foods or drugs containing divalent or trivalent cations (i.e., antacids, sucralfate, didanosine, multivitamins)\
Kaolin and pectin	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	\
Bismuth subsalicylate	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	Separate administration of tetracycline from divalent or trivalent cations by 2hours\
Sodium bicarbonate	May decrease absorption of tetracycline	\
Cimetidine	Decreased tetracycline absorption	Effect not clinically significant\
Carbamazepine, phenytoin, barbiturates	Decreased half-life of doxycycline	Increases hepatic metabolism\
Chronic ethanol ingestion	Decreased half-life of doxycycline but not tetracycline	Possible mechanism: induction of hepatic microsomal enzymes\
Methoxyflurane or fluorinated anesthetic	Nephrotoxicity when administered with tetracycline agents	\
Diuretics	Increased blood urea nitrogen	Volume depletion may increase the nephrotoxic effects of tetracycline by unknown mechanisms\
Oral anticoagulants	Increased risk of bleeding	Tetracyclines may impair utilization of prothrombin and may decrease vitamin K production by intestinal bacteria; tigecycline decreases warfarin clearance, although a study found no effect in healthy volunteers\
Oral contraceptives	Reduced levels when administered with tetracyclines	\
Women should use an additional (mechanical) form of birth control\
Possible mechanism: reduction in bacterial hydrolysis of conjugated estrogen in the intestine\
Antiinfectives	May reduce antimicrobial activity of aminoglycosides and penicillins	\
Rare reports of in\'a0vitro antagonism\
Some clinicians recommend that the drugs not be used concomitantly\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Tigecycline is a semisynthetic derivative of minocycline. It has an N-alkyl-glycylamido moiety attached to the 9-position of minocycline.263 (See Fig. 25.1 for molecular structure.) The design is based on the premise that a peptide substituent would enhance ribosomal permeation and binding. The 9-glycyl substitution results in steric hindrance that enables tigecycline to overcome the two major types of tetracycline resistance: tetracycline-specific efflux pumps and ribosomal protection.264\
\
Tigecycline\'92s antibacterial mechanism of action is similar to that of older tetracyclines. It works by inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis by binding to bacterial 30S ribosomal subunits, ultimately blocking entry of aminoacyl transfer RNA molecules into the A site of the ribosome. This prevents amino acids from incorporating into elongating peptide chains, thus inhibiting protein synthesis.264,265 Like other tetracyclines, tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic because its interaction with the ribosome is reversible.8 Because glycylcyclines bind five times more strongly to the ribosome than tetracyclines, they are able to overcome the ribosomal protection mechanism of the tetracycline resistome.266,267\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Tigecycline is available only in intravenous formulation owing to its poor oral absorption. The recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by 50 mg every 12 hours. Infusions should be administered over approximately 30 to 60 minutes. According to the package insert, the recommended duration of treatment for cSSSIs or for cIAIs is 5 to 14 days. The recommended duration for treatment of CABP is 7 to 14 days. It has not been studied in children younger than 18.268\
\
In patients with renal impairment, no dose adjustment is necessary. In a pooled pharmacokinetic evaluation of tigecycline in healthy adult volunteers and in those with renal impairment, tigecycline had mostly linear pharmacokinetics across all dose ranges. Tigecycline is also not significantly removed by hemodialysis.269\
\
In patients with mild-to-moderate hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh A and B), no dose adjustment is necessary. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh C), the recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by a reduced maintenance dose of 25 mg every 12 hours. These patients should be treated with caution and monitored closely. In a study looking at various stages of liver dysfunction, patients with moderate liver disease had systemic clearance reduced by 25%, and the half-life was increased by 23%. In patients with severe liver disease, systemic clearance was decreased by 55% and the half-life was increased by 43%.270\
\
There do not appear to be any significant differences in tigecycline pharmacokinetic parameters on the basis of age, sex, or weight. Therefore, no dose adjustment appears necessary.271Page 340\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Tigecycline has limited oral bioavailability, hence it is available only in IV preparations. Food does not significantly alter pharmacokinetics and may reduce the nausea and vomiting seen as a side effect. The half-life of tigecycline ranges from 37 to 67 hours.272\
\
Drug Distribution\
In\'a0vitro plasma protein binding of tigecycline is 71% to 89%, and the volume of distribution is 7 to 10 L/kg, indicating extensive distribution into the tissues.272 In a 100-mg single-dose study of patients undergoing elective surgery or a medical procedure for tissue extraction, various tissue concentrations were measured. The respective mean and median concentration values of tigecycline in serum immediately after the end of a 100-mg infusion were 1.94 and 1.32 mg/L. Subsequent serum concentrations of tigecycline gradually declined to mean values of 0.22, 0.19, 0.11, and 0.07 mg/L at approximately 4, 8, 12, and 24 hours, respectively. Tissue penetration, expressed as the ratio of area under the curve (AUC)0\'9624h in tissue or body fluid to serum, was 537 for bile, 23 for gallbladder, 2.6 for colon, 2.0 for lung, 0.41 for bone, 0.31 for synovial fluid, and 0.11 for CSF.273 In a separate study of subjects without infections undergoing elective orthopedic procedures, multiple doses of tigecycline were shown to result in bone-to-serum ratios of approximately 4.77, showing penetration into bone.274 After standard dosing to 33 healthy volunteers, the tigecycline AUC0\'9612h in alveolar cells was 78-fold higher than the AUC0\'9612h in the serum. In epithelial lining fluid, the AUC0\'9612h was about 32% higher than in the serum.268,273 In the urine, after a 100-mg dose of tigecycline, urinary concentrations were about 0.3 \uc0\u956 g/mL.275 Clinical trials in urinary tract infections were abandoned on precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 Like the earlier-generation tetracyclines, tigecycline displays a time-dependent killing pattern and exhibits a considerable postantibiotic effect.277\
\
Drug Elimination\
The primary route of elimination for tigecycline is biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline and its metabolites. Using radiolabeled carbon-14 (14C)-tigecycline, studies have shown elimination primarily by the liver via biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline in the feces (59%). Glucuronidation and renal excretion of unchanged tigecycline are secondary routes. Thirty-two percent of tigecycline is eliminated in the urine.272,278\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Tigecycline has antibacterial activity against a wide variety of aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.4.Page 341\
\
TABLE 25.4\
\
Overview of the MIC50 and MIC90 Ranges, and the Wild-Type Cutoff Values for Various Species That Are Clinically Relevant for Tigecycline Use\
MIC50 (\uc0\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	Range (\u956 g/mL)	Eucast Wild-Type Cutoff\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'961	0.25\
S. aureus, methicillin-susceptible	0.12	0.12\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'961	0.25\
Staphylococcus epidermidis, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	0.5\
S. epidermidis, methicillin-susceptible	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'962	0.5\
Enterococcus faecalis, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
Enterococcus faecium, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
E. faecium, vancomycin-resistant	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.12		0.25\
Streptococcus pyogenes	0.06	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	0.125\
Streptococcus agalactiae	0.03\'960.06	0.12\'960.25	0.03\'961	0.25\
Streptococcus pneumoniae	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	\u8804 0.06\'961	0.125\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Enterobacterales	0.5	1	0.04\'9616	\'97\
Enterobacter spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.06\'968	\'97\
Enterobacter cloacae	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.5\'9616	2\
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.06\'9616	2\
Escherichia coli	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.03\'964	1\
Haemophilus influenzae	0.12\'960.5	0.25\'961	\uc0\u8804 0.008\'962	1\
Klebsiella spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.5\'968	2 (K. pneumoniae)\
Klebsiella pneumoniae ESBL+	1	2	0.12\'968	\'97\
Moraxella catarrhalis	0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.5	0.125\
Morganella morganii	2	4	1\'968	8\
Proteus spp.	4	4\'968	1\'9616	4/8\
Serratia spp.	1\'962	1\'964	0.5\'9616	4\
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	0.38\'961	1.5\'964	0.25\'968	4\
Pseudomonas aeruginosa	8\'9616	16 to \uc0\u8805 32	0.12\'9664	64\
Acinetobacter spp.	0.5\'963	1\'966	0.03\'968	\'97\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Bacteroides fragilis group	0.5\'961	0.5\'968	0.06\'9632	\'97\
Clostridioides difficile (formerly Clostridium difficile)	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	\'97\
Clostridium perfringens	0.12	1	0.06\'962	\'97\
Fusobacterium spp.	0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.25	\'97\
Peptostreptococcus spp.	0.06	0.06\'960.125	0.06\'960.12	\
ESBL, Extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; EUCAST, European Committee on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
From Nabuurs-Franssen M, Mouton JW. Tigecycline. In: Grayson ML, ed. Kucers\'92 The Use of Antibiotics. 6th ed. CRC Press; 2010:881\'96892.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against many Staphylococcus, Enterococcus, and Streptococcus species, including organisms resistant to many other classes of antibiotics. Among S. aureus, tigecycline has shown potent activity among both MSSA and MRSA strains.279-281 Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against community-associated MRSA strains as seen in a study of 1989 isolates with a susceptibility rate of 98.2%.282 In a European survey of common skin and skin structure pathogens, all MRSA isolates were susceptible to tigecycline.283\'a0Staphylococcus epidermidis has also been shown to be susceptible to tigecycline, including strains that are erythromycin resistant.284\
\
Tigecycline is also highly active against Enterococcus spp., including strains resistant to vancomycin. In a study of 97 vancomycin-resistant isolates, tigecycline was equally active against all VanA, VanB, and VanC phenotypes of glycopeptide resistance of enterococci.285 In the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) program, which took place from 2004 to 2009 and looked at various antimicrobials against Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium, all 2068 isolates of E. faecalis were susceptible to tigecycline in various European countries. Only 2 out of 893 (0.2%) of E. faecium isolates were resistant to tigecycline.286 In a Korean study, 4 out of 2005 (0.2%) of vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) isolates were resistant to tigecycline.287\
\
Streptococci have also been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline, including bloodstream isolates of viridans-group streptococcal species.288 Tigecycline has also shown excellent activity against \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci.289 Tigecycline was two- to fourfold more active than comparator agents against all 435 isolates of S. pneumoniae studied in the global TEST program, including those that were penicillin resistant and penicillin intermediate. Against the penicillin-susceptible S. pneumoniae isolates, tigecycline was less active than \u946 -lactam agents.290 In another study, tigecycline was noted to be bactericidal against 11 of 12 strains of S. pneumoniae.291\
\
Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against L. monocytogenes and coryneform bacteria.292\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Tigecycline has good activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of most strains of Proteus spp., Providencia spp., and Morganella spp.289,293,294 Enterobacterales that have developed resistance to tetracycline are susceptible to tigecycline because it remains stable and largely unaffected by the commonly occurring efflux and ribosomal protection resistance mechanisms. In a large global study, tetracycline-resistant populations demonstrated only modest decreases in potency to tigecycline, which appeared to be species dependent (up to twofold only for E. coli, Salmonella spp., Shigella spp., and Pantoea agglomerans and up to fourfold for Klebsiella spp., Enterobacter spp., and Citrobacter spp.).295 Other resistance mechanisms, such as extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase (ESBL) production, AmpC derepression, carbapenemase production, and resistance phenotypes, such as fluoroquinolone resistance, fluoroquinolone/ampicillin resistance, fluoroquinolone/TMP-SMX resistance, and multidrug resistance, do not have an influence on the MIC value of tigecycline.295-299\
\
Tigecycline has good activity against most lactose-nonfermenting gram-negative bacilli with the notable exception of P. aeruginosa. It remains one of the most active agents against Acinetobacter spp.290,293,300 Although most studies have noted a high level of Acinetobacter spp. susceptibility to tigecycline, one study in Israel noted that of 82 isolates, 66% were resistant, 12% were intermediate, and just 22% were susceptible to tigecycline.301 In the United States, most antimicrobial agents have shown reduced susceptibility to A. baumannii over recent years, including tigecycline.300\'a0S. maltophilia has been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline in\'a0vitro. In a large global survey of 1586 isolates, 95.5% were susceptible to tigecycline, which was second only to TMP-SMX (96%).302\
\
In another global study, 1220 strains of H. influenzae, 495 strains of Moraxella catarrhalis, and 17 strains of N. meningitidis were all susceptible to tigecycline.303\'a0Brucella melitensis is highly susceptible to tigecycline both in\'a0vitro and in blood and bone marrow cultures of adult patients with acute brucellosis.304-306 Tigecycline has reduced activity against B. cepacia.267\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against most gram-positive and gram-negative anaerobes. In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline were tested against 831 isolates of the B. fragilis group representing all of the species within the group. Tigecycline was more active than clindamycin, minocycline, and cefoxitin and less active than imipenem or piperacillin-tazobactam against all isolates of the B. fragilis group.307 In the European TEST program looking at Bacteroides, Prevotella, Anaerococcus, Clostridium, Finegoldia, and Peptostreptococcus spp., the lowest MIC values were noted for meropenem and tigecycline. Of note, tigecycline showed the lowest MIC90 against C. difficile (0.25 mg/L).308\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Tigecycline is highly active against C. pneumoniae, C. trachomatis, M. pneumoniae, and M. hominis.85,309 It is less active against U. urealyticum than tetracycline, with an MIC90 of 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL.309 In a guinea pig model, tigecycline was shown to be as effective as erythromycin against L. pneumophila, but the drug was inactivated by test medium that confounded susceptibility data. Tigecycline prevented death in the study, but treated guinea pigs were noted to have residual bacterial concentrations in the lungs, suggesting that tigecycline may not be the drug of choice for severe legionnaires\'92 disease, and prolonged therapy would be required.310\
\
Mycobacteria and Nocardia\
The rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM) appear to be highly susceptible to tigecycline. In two separate studies, every RGM isolate, mostly consisting of M. fortuitum, M. abscessus, and M. chelonae, was susceptible to tigecycline.97,311 All slowly growing nontuberculous mycobacteria, including M. avium complex, Mycobacterium lentiflavum, M. marinum, and M. kansasii, are resistant to tigecycline.97 The in\'a0vitro activity against M. tuberculosis appears poor.312 Tigecycline has modest activity against Nocardia spp., with an MIC90 of 4 \uc0\u956 g/mL. By comparison, minocycline has an MIC90 of 2 \u956 g/mL.103\
\
Clinical Uses\
Tigecycline is currently FDA approved for three indications: treatment of cSSSIs, cIAIs, and CABP. It is also used off-label for many other disease processes.\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Several clinical studies have compared tigecycline versus a combination of vancomycin and aztreonam for up to 14 days for the treatment of skin and skin structure infections. Similar results have been seen across studies that have shown tigecycline to be noninferior. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, tests of cure were between 73.3% and 84.3% for tigecycline and between 66.6% and 86.9% for the vancomycin-aztreonam group. Tests of cure for the clinically evaluable populations were 78.6% to 89.8% and 75.8% to 95%, respectively. Increased nausea and vomiting was consistently seen in the tigecycline group, whereas rash and elevated transaminases were consistently seen in the vancomycin-aztreonam group.256,313-316 In the largest study, no differences were noted in clinical cure rates in patients who were bacteremic (86% vs. 87.5%). Tigecycline had equal efficacy in patients with monomicrobial and polymicrobial infections.256\
\
In a phase III, randomized, double-blind trial conducted in subjects with diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, a 150-mg once-daily regimen of tigecycline did not meet criteria for noninferiority compared with ertapenem with or without vancomycin.317\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Tigecycline is an attractive option to treat cIAIs because its broad spectrum of activity is favorable against a potentially polymicrobial infection. In two large studies of cIAIs, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for 5 to 14 days of treatment. Complicated appendicitis was the most common infection, followed by complicated cholecystitis. The most common organisms were E. coli, Streptococcus anginosus group, and B. fragilis. Acute Physiology and Chronic Page 342Health Evaluation (APACHE) II scores were similar, and less than 4% of patients had scores over 15. Clinical cure rates were 86.1% for tigecycline and 86.2% for imipenem-cilastatin, meeting noninferiority criteria. There was no difference in cure rates between the two therapies for monomicrobial versus polymicrobial infections. Clinical cure rates for bacteremia were also similar (82% vs. 80%, respectively). Nausea and vomiting were more frequent in the tigecycline group.257,318\
\
Two other studies have compared tigecycline with a combination of ceftriaxone plus metronidazole for cIAIs. Clinical cure rates were between 70.4% and 81.8% in the tigecycline group and 74.3% and 79.4% in the ceftriaxone-metronidazole group, again displaying noninferiority.319,320\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Tigecycline has been approved for the treatment of CABP. It has been compared with levofloxacin in multiple studies with treatment durations between 7 and 14 days and Fine Pneumonia Severity Index scores typically from II to IV. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, test-of-cure results were between 78.7% and 84.4% for tigecycline and between 77.8% and 82.1% for the levofloxacin group. Test-of-cure results for the clinically evaluable populations were 88.9% and 90.6% and 85.3% and 87.2%, respectively. All trials met noninferiority criteria for tigecycline. As with other clinical trials, more patients tended to have nausea and vomiting in the tigecycline groups.258,259,321,322\
\
Tigecycline has also been looked at for treating VAP and HAP. In a retrospective review of 117 patients with VAP treated with tigecycline, 74 (63%) were determined by the physician to have clinical success. About half of the patients had a microbiologic diagnosis, and of those the most common organisms were Acinetobacter spp. (69%) and MRSA (22%). Eighty-four percent of the cases with Acinetobacter spp. were carbapenem resistant. Global mortality proportion was 33%.323 In a phase III randomized controlled trial involving 945 patients, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for the treatment of HAP. Cure rates were 67.9% for tigecycline and 78.2% for imipenem-cilastatin in the clinically evaluable group and 62.7% and 67.6% in the clinical modified intention-to-treat group, respectively. A statistical interaction occurred between VAP and non-VAP subgroups, with significantly lower cure rates in tigecycline-treated VAP patients compared with imipenem; in non-VAP patients, tigecycline was noninferior to imipenem. Overall mortality did not differ between the tigecycline (14.1%) and imipenem-cilastatin regimens (12.2%), although more deaths occurred in VAP patients treated with tigecycline than imipenem-cilastin.324 In a subsequent phase II study, the safety and efficacy of two higher doses of tigecycline (150 mg followed by 75 mg every 12 hours or 200 mg followed by 100 mg every 12 hours) were compared with imipenem-cilastatin in participants with HAP. In the clinically evaluable population, the rate of clinical cure with tigecycline 100 mg (17/20, 85.0%) was numerically higher than with tigecycline 75 mg (16/23, 69.6%) and imipenem-cilastatin (18/24, 75.0%). No new safety signals with the high-dose tigecycline were identified.325\
\
Other Uses\
Tigecycline is also used for many off-label indications. In an early-use registry of 113 patients, 22% received tigecycline for approved indications and 78% for off-label indications (56% with scientific support and 22% with limited or no scientific support).326\
\
Although there are no randomized prospective trials looking at the use of tigecycline for bacteremia, secondary bacteremia in prior clinical trials has been analyzed. Pooled data from subjects enrolled for treatment of cSSSI, cIAI, or CAP presenting with bacteremia from seven double-blind and one open-label trial of tigecycline compared with vancomycin-aztreonam, imipenem-cilastatin, levofloxacin, vancomycin, or linezolid were analyzed. A total of 170 subjects were identified, and clinical cure rates were 81.3% and 78.5% for tigecycline and the comparator. Nine patients treated with tigecycline were noted to have persistent bacteremia, as compared with one in the comparator group.327 Tigecycline, in a solution with N-acetylcysteine and heparin, was evaluated as a catheter-lock solution for catheter salvage in patients with hemodialysis catheter-associated bacteremia. Eighteen case patients received the catheter-lock solution for 14 days plus systemic antibiotic therapy. Treatment was successful for 15 (83%) of the 18 case patients within 90 days of follow-up.328\
\
In critically ill patients who have developed bacterial infections with multidrug resistance, tigecycline remains an attractive option owing to its ability to maintain in\'a0vitro activity. A phase III, open-label, noncomparator study evaluated tigecycline in patients with selected serious infections caused by resistant gram-negative bacteria, patients with treatment failures who had received prior antimicrobial therapy, or patients unable to tolerate other appropriate antimicrobials. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, CAP, HAP, VAP, and bacteremia (including catheter-associated bacteremia). Clinical cure rate was 72.2%, and the microbiologic eradication rate was 66.7%.329 Another phase III study compared the safety and efficacy of tigecycline with vancomycin or linezolid in hospitalized patients with MRSA or VRE infections. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, pneumonia, and bacteremia. For MRSA infection, clinical cure rates in the microbiologically evaluable population (n = 117) were 81.4% (70/86 patients) with tigecycline and 83.9% (26/31 patients) with vancomycin. Most infections were cSSSIs. There were only 15 patients enrolled with VRE, and the authors were not able to draw any conclusions.330 In a report of 110 cancer patients who developed serious infections, 64% were noted to have a clinical response when treated with tigecycline (92% were treated in combination with an antipseudomonal agent). Interesting to note, more patients with bacteremia than pneumonia had clinical response (79% vs. 51%). Mortality rates of those with pneumonia were 44%, compared with 16% with bacteremia.331 The combination of piperacillin-tazobactam and tigecycline was found to be more effective than piperacillin-tazobactam alone in febrile, neutropenic hematologic patients with cancer in an epidemiologic setting characterized by a high rate of MDR microorganisms.332 In a prospective, observational study of adults with extensively drug-resistant A. baumannii bacteremia, increased 14-day mortality was observed with the combination of colistin-tigecycline compared with a colistin-carbapenem regimen. The excess mortality may have been restricted to the subgroup with higher tigecycline MICs (>2 \uc0\u956 g/mL).333 In a systematic review and meta-analysis, tigecycline, particularly when given in high-doses and in combination with other agents, was found to have similar efficacy to other antibiotics for treating carbapenem-resistant gram-negative bacterial infections.334\
\
Clinical trials that have looked at use of tigecycline for urinary tract infections were abandoned at precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 In a retrospective cohort study of carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae bacteriuria, tigecycline, polymyxin B, and an aminoglycoside were compared. The microbiologic clearance rate was 88% in the aminoglycoside cohort (n = 41), 64% in the polymyxin B cohort (n = 25), 43% in the tigecycline cohort (n = 21), and 36% in an untreated cohort.335 Success with tigecycline for treating MDR K. pneumoniae and A. baumannii urinary tract infection or urosepsis has been reported with use of higher than approved doses of tigecycline, with initial doses between 200 and 400 mg and subsequent maintenance doses of 100 to 200 mg every 24 hours.275\
\
Interest in using tigecycline for CDIs has arisen owing to its in\'a0vitro activity and high stool concentrations. Currently, no randomized controlled trials have evaluated tigecycline for the treatment of CDI. There have been multiple case reports of use of tigecycline (alone or in combination with other CDI therapies) for the treatment of CDI, with most having a successful outcome.336-338 In a retrospective case-control study of severe CDI, 18 patients who received tigecycline (along with other CDI therapies) were compared with 26 similarly ill patients who did not receive tigecycline. There was no difference with regard to CDI survival, rates of colectomy, or relapse rates.339 In a propensity-matched cohort study of 28 cases of CDI treated with tigecycline compared with 140 cases without tigecycline, 30-day mortality was not statistically different.340\
\
Limited data exist regarding use of tigecycline for bone and joint infections. In the previously mentioned phase III study in diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, clinical cure rates in the substudy were low (<36%) for a subset of tigecycline-treated patients with osteomyelitis.317 Other small cases series have reported varying degrees of success using tigecycline for osteomyelitis.341,342Page 343\
\
Treatment of infections with RGM can be difficult. The safety and efficacy of a tigecycline-containing regimen for salvage treatment of 52 patients with M. abscessus and M. chelonae was performed. Included patients had both lung and extrapulmonary infections. Tigecycline given for at least 1 month as part of a multidrug regimen resulted in improvement in over 60% of patients, including those with underlying cystic fibrosis, despite failure of prior antibiotic therapy. AEs were reported in over 90% of cases, the most common being nausea and vomiting.343\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Tigecycline remains active against bacteria that contain efflux-mediated resistance to tetracyclines. This is likely a result of the efflux pump\'92s ineffectiveness in transporting tigecycline out of the cell, or from the inability of tigecycline to induce efflux proteins.344,345 There is also currently no evidence of gene mutations coding for RPPs for the tet family (tet(M), tet(O), tet(S)) for reduced susceptibility to tigecycline.\
\
The most common intrinsic tigecycline resistance observed in Proteus mirabilis and Morganella morganii is drug recognition and upregulation by the AcrAB efflux pump.346,347 Overexpression of this pump is also associated with the development of resistance to other gram-negative bacteria. P. aeruginosa is intrinsically resistant to tigecycline as a result of the MexXY-OprM multidrug efflux pump.348 A novel plasmid-mediated multidrug-resistant RND family efflux pump, TMexCD1-TOprJ1, has been identified in carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae and other gram-negative bacilli including Pseudomonas spp. in China.349\
\
The overexpression of MepA, a novel MATE family efflux pump, may contribute to decreased activity of tigecycline against S. aureus.350\
\
Adverse Reactions\
Gastrointestinal Side Effects\
\
As with older tetracyclines, the most commonly reported adverse reactions to tigecycline are gastrointestinal in nature. As seen in multiple phase III clinical trials, nausea (26%) and vomiting (18%) were the most reported side effects.256,257,268,313,351 The majority of these symptoms (95%) were mild to moderate and occurred after 1 to 2 days of therapy. The side effects are dose related; 100 mg was the highest dose tolerated in fasting healthy participants, and 200 mg was the highest dose tolerated with food.272 However, the risk of side effects was found to be similar in a review of 134 patients given standard or high-dose regimens for VAP.352 Less reported side effects are anorexia, dry mouth, dysgeusia, and loose stool.296\
\
Hepatotoxicity and Pancreatitis\
Transient elevations in transaminases and alkaline phosphatase levels have been seen.353 In phase III clinical trials, the incidence of increased liver function test results was significantly lower with tigecycline than with comparator drugs.256,258 However, in a recent retrospective review of 397 patients treated with at least 7 days of tigecycline, the prevalence of drug-induced liver injury (DILI) was 10.3%.354 Independent risk factors for DILI were abnormal baseline alanine aminotransferase levels, intensive care unit admission, and treatment length. Case reports of mild tigecycline-induced acute pancreatitis have also been reported.355\
\
Other Side Effects\
Other side effects reported from clinical trials that have an incidence between 2% and 7% include (in descending order) infection, headache, anemia, hypoproteinemia, asthenia, phlebitis, elevated blood urea nitrogen (BUN), abnormal healing, dizziness, skin rash, pneumonia, and abscess formation.268\
\
Increased Mortality\
In 2010 the FDA issued a warning of an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections on the basis of pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In those studies, death occurred in 4% (150/3788) of patients receiving tigecycline and 3% (110/3646) of patients receiving comparator drugs. Based on a random effects model by trial weight, an adjusted risk difference of all-cause mortality was 0.6% (95% confidence interval, 0.1\'961.2) between tigecycline- and comparator-treated patients. Deaths were generally the result of worsening infection, complications of infections, or underlying comorbidities. Among indications, the mortality difference was not statistically significant. However, mortality in tigecycline-treated patients was numerically greater in every infection and considerably greater in VAP (19.1% vs. 12.3%). Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the HAP trial, particularly those with VAP with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable. After the 2010 warning was issued, data were analyzed from 10 clinical trials conducted only for FDA-approved uses (cSSSI, cIAI, CABP), including trials conducted after the drug was approved. This analysis showed a higher risk of death among patients receiving tigecycline compared with other antibacterial drugs: 2.5% (66/2640) versus 1.8% (48/2628), respectively. The adjusted risk difference for death was 0.6% with corresponding 95% confidence interval (0.0\'961.2).261\
\
Several meta-analyses prompted the FDA to look into the efficacy and safety of tigecycline. Depending on what clinical trials (published and unpublished) were included, results varied.356-358\
\
Drug Interactions\
In\'a0vitro studies in human liver microsomes have indicated that tigecycline is not a substrate, inhibitor, or inducer of common cytochrome P450 enzymes; therefore such pharmacokinetic drug interactions are unlikely.359 However, concomitant administration of tigecycline and warfarin in healthy participants resulted in a decrease in clearance of R-warfarin and S-warfarin by 40% and 23%, an increase in Cmax by 38% and 43%, and an increase in AUC by 68% and 29%, respectively.268 No significant effects of tigecycline on digoxin pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics were noted in a study of 20 healthy men.360\
\
Eravacycline and Omadacycline\
Two new tetracycline derivatives were approved by the FDA in late 2018. Eravacycline is a fluorocycline antibiotic and is FDA approved for cIAIs in adults.361 Omadacycline is an aminomethylcycline and is FDA approved for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP.362 Both drugs carry the same package insert label, which is to recommend that these two drugs should be used only to treat or prevent infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. This precaution is to reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of eravacycline and omadacycline and other antibacterial drugs.363 Eravacycline also has a label precaution that it is not indicated for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTIs). Omadacycline has an additional label precaution about the mortality imbalance in patients with CABP. In the CABP trial, a mortality rate of 2.1% was observed in omadacycline-treated patients compared with 0.8% in moxifloxacin-treated patients (P = .14).362 The cause of the mortality imbalance has not been established. Providers should closely monitor clinical response to therapy in CABP patients, particularly in those at higher risk for mortality.\
\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Eravacycline is a synthetic fluorocycline that is similar in structure to tigecycline but with two important tetracycline core modifications (see Fig 25.1). The dimethylamine moiety at C-7 is replaced by a fluorine atom and the 2-tertiary-butyl glycylamido moiety at C-9 is replaced by a pyrrolidinoacetamido group.364 Omadacycline is a semisynthetic aminomethylcycline that is also similar in structure to tigecycline but with an alkylaminomethyl group replacing the\
\
Hepatotoxicity and Pancreatitis\
Transient elevations in transaminases and alkaline phosphatase levels have been seen.353 In phase III clinical trials, the incidence of increased liver function test results was significantly lower with tigecycline than with comparator drugs.256,258 However, in a recent retrospective review of 397 patients treated with at least 7 days of tigecycline, theNewer Tetracycline Derivatives\
Tigecycline\
\
Glycylcyclines are a novel class of antibacterial drugs that have been developed to combat the emergence of antibiotic-resistant organisms, including those resistant to conventional tetracyclines. Tigecycline is the first member of the class to be approved by the FDA in 2005. Page 339It was originally approved for the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections (cSSSIs) and cIAIs based on noninferiority studies.256,257 In 2009, tigecycline was approved for the treatment of CABP based on comparable cure rates in patients treated with levofloxacin.258,259 Tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic and is active in\'a0vitro against a broad range of antibiotic-resistant aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The FDA issued a warning regarding an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections based on the pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable.261 In general, the deaths appear related to worsening or complications of the infection or underlying comorbidities. Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP) trial, particularly those with ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
TABLE 25.3\
\
Significant Food-Drug and Drug-Drug Interactions With Tetracyclines\
Interacting Agent	Effect	Comments\
Food	Tetracycline	\
Food may reduce absorption by 50%	Bioavailability is 60%\'9680% when taken on an empty stomach\
Doxycycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Minocycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Divalent or trivalent cations: aluminum, calcium, magnesium, iron, zinc	Significant reduction of all tetracycline absorption	Should not be administered concurrently with foods or drugs containing divalent or trivalent cations (i.e., antacids, sucralfate, didanosine, multivitamins)\
Kaolin and pectin	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	\
Bismuth subsalicylate	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	Separate administration of tetracycline from divalent or trivalent cations by 2hours\
Sodium bicarbonate	May decrease absorption of tetracycline	\
Cimetidine	Decreased tetracycline absorption	Effect not clinically significant\
Carbamazepine, phenytoin, barbiturates	Decreased half-life of doxycycline	Increases hepatic metabolism\
Chronic ethanol ingestion	Decreased half-life of doxycycline but not tetracycline	Possible mechanism: induction of hepatic microsomal enzymes\
Methoxyflurane or fluorinated anesthetic	Nephrotoxicity when administered with tetracycline agents	\
Diuretics	Increased blood urea nitrogen	Volume depletion may increase the nephrotoxic effects of tetracycline by unknown mechanisms\
Oral anticoagulants	Increased risk of bleeding	Tetracyclines may impair utilization of prothrombin and may decrease vitamin K production by intestinal bacteria; tigecycline decreases warfarin clearance, although a study found no effect in healthy volunteers\
Oral contraceptives	Reduced levels when administered with tetracyclines	\
Women should use an additional (mechanical) form of birth control\
Possible mechanism: reduction in bacterial hydrolysis of conjugated estrogen in the intestine\
Antiinfectives	May reduce antimicrobial activity of aminoglycosides and penicillins	\
Rare reports of in\'a0vitro antagonism\
Some clinicians recommend that the drugs not be used concomitantly\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Tigecycline is a semisynthetic derivative of minocycline. It has an N-alkyl-glycylamido moiety attached to the 9-position of minocycline.263 (See Fig. 25.1 for molecular structure.) The design is based on the premise that a peptide substituent would enhance ribosomal permeation and binding. The 9-glycyl substitution results in steric hindrance that enables tigecycline to overcome the two major types of tetracycline resistance: tetracycline-specific efflux pumps and ribosomal protection.264\
\
Tigecycline\'92s antibacterial mechanism of action is similar to that of older tetracyclines. It works by inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis by binding to bacterial 30S ribosomal subunits, ultimately blocking entry of aminoacyl transfer RNA molecules into the A site of the ribosome. This prevents amino acids from incorporating into elongating peptide chains, thus inhibiting protein synthesis.264,265 Like other tetracyclines, tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic because its interaction with the ribosome is reversible.8 Because glycylcyclines bind five times more strongly to the ribosome than tetracyclines, they are able to overcome the ribosomal protection mechanism of the tetracycline resistome.266,267\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Tigecycline is available only in intravenous formulation owing to its poor oral absorption. The recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by 50 mg every 12 hours. Infusions should be administered over approximately 30 to 60 minutes. According to the package insert, the recommended duration of treatment for cSSSIs or for cIAIs is 5 to 14 days. The recommended duration for treatment of CABP is 7 to 14 days. It has not been studied in children younger than 18.268\
\
In patients with renal impairment, no dose adjustment is necessary. In a pooled pharmacokinetic evaluation of tigecycline in healthy adult volunteers and in those with renal impairment, tigecycline had mostly linear pharmacokinetics across all dose ranges. Tigecycline is also not significantly removed by hemodialysis.269\
\
In patients with mild-to-moderate hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh A and B), no dose adjustment is necessary. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh C), the recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by a reduced maintenance dose of 25 mg every 12 hours. These patients should be treated with caution and monitored closely. In a study looking at various stages of liver dysfunction, patients with moderate liver disease had systemic clearance reduced by 25%, and the half-life was increased by 23%. In patients with severe liver disease, systemic clearance was decreased by 55% and the half-life was increased by 43%.270\
\
There do not appear to be any significant differences in tigecycline pharmacokinetic parameters on the basis of age, sex, or weight. Therefore, no dose adjustment appears necessary.271Page 340\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Tigecycline has limited oral bioavailability, hence it is available only in IV preparations. Food does not significantly alter pharmacokinetics and may reduce the nausea and vomiting seen as a side effect. The half-life of tigecycline ranges from 37 to 67 hours.272\
\
Drug Distribution\
In\'a0vitro plasma protein binding of tigecycline is 71% to 89%, and the volume of distribution is 7 to 10 L/kg, indicating extensive distribution into the tissues.272 In a 100-mg single-dose study of patients undergoing elective surgery or a medical procedure for tissue extraction, various tissue concentrations were measured. The respective mean and median concentration values of tigecycline in serum immediately after the end of a 100-mg infusion were 1.94 and 1.32 mg/L. Subsequent serum concentrations of tigecycline gradually declined to mean values of 0.22, 0.19, 0.11, and 0.07 mg/L at approximately 4, 8, 12, and 24 hours, respectively. Tissue penetration, expressed as the ratio of area under the curve (AUC)0\'9624h in tissue or body fluid to serum, was 537 for bile, 23 for gallbladder, 2.6 for colon, 2.0 for lung, 0.41 for bone, 0.31 for synovial fluid, and 0.11 for CSF.273 In a separate study of subjects without infections undergoing elective orthopedic procedures, multiple doses of tigecycline were shown to result in bone-to-serum ratios of approximately 4.77, showing penetration into bone.274 After standard dosing to 33 healthy volunteers, the tigecycline AUC0\'9612h in alveolar cells was 78-fold higher than the AUC0\'9612h in the serum. In epithelial lining fluid, the AUC0\'9612h was about 32% higher than in the serum.268,273 In the urine, after a 100-mg dose of tigecycline, urinary concentrations were about 0.3 \uc0\u956 g/mL.275 Clinical trials in urinary tract infections were abandoned on precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 Like the earlier-generation tetracyclines, tigecycline displays a time-dependent killing pattern and exhibits a considerable postantibiotic effect.277\
\
Drug Elimination\
The primary route of elimination for tigecycline is biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline and its metabolites. Using radiolabeled carbon-14 (14C)-tigecycline, studies have shown elimination primarily by the liver via biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline in the feces (59%). Glucuronidation and renal excretion of unchanged tigecycline are secondary routes. Thirty-two percent of tigecycline is eliminated in the urine.272,278\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Tigecycline has antibacterial activity against a wide variety of aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.4.Page 341\
\
TABLE 25.4\
\
Overview of the MIC50 and MIC90 Ranges, and the Wild-Type Cutoff Values for Various Species That Are Clinically Relevant for Tigecycline Use\
MIC50 (\uc0\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	Range (\u956 g/mL)	Eucast Wild-Type Cutoff\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'961	0.25\
S. aureus, methicillin-susceptible	0.12	0.12\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'961	0.25\
Staphylococcus epidermidis, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	0.5\
S. epidermidis, methicillin-susceptible	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'962	0.5\
Enterococcus faecalis, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
Enterococcus faecium, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
E. faecium, vancomycin-resistant	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.12		0.25\
Streptococcus pyogenes	0.06	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	0.125\
Streptococcus agalactiae	0.03\'960.06	0.12\'960.25	0.03\'961	0.25\
Streptococcus pneumoniae	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	\u8804 0.06\'961	0.125\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Enterobacterales	0.5	1	0.04\'9616	\'97\
Enterobacter spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.06\'968	\'97\
Enterobacter cloacae	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.5\'9616	2\
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.06\'9616	2\
Escherichia coli	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.03\'964	1\
Haemophilus influenzae	0.12\'960.5	0.25\'961	\uc0\u8804 0.008\'962	1\
Klebsiella spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.5\'968	2 (K. pneumoniae)\
Klebsiella pneumoniae ESBL+	1	2	0.12\'968	\'97\
Moraxella catarrhalis	0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.5	0.125\
Morganella morganii	2	4	1\'968	8\
Proteus spp.	4	4\'968	1\'9616	4/8\
Serratia spp.	1\'962	1\'964	0.5\'9616	4\
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	0.38\'961	1.5\'964	0.25\'968	4\
Pseudomonas aeruginosa	8\'9616	16 to \uc0\u8805 32	0.12\'9664	64\
Acinetobacter spp.	0.5\'963	1\'966	0.03\'968	\'97\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Bacteroides fragilis group	0.5\'961	0.5\'968	0.06\'9632	\'97\
Clostridioides difficile (formerly Clostridium difficile)	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	\'97\
Clostridium perfringens	0.12	1	0.06\'962	\'97\
Fusobacterium spp.	0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.25	\'97\
Peptostreptococcus spp.	0.06	0.06\'960.125	0.06\'960.12	\
ESBL, Extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; EUCAST, European Committee on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
From Nabuurs-Franssen M, Mouton JW. Tigecycline. In: Grayson ML, ed. Kucers\'92 The Use of Antibiotics. 6th ed. CRC Press; 2010:881\'96892.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against many Staphylococcus, Enterococcus, and Streptococcus species, including organisms resistant to many other classes of antibiotics. Among S. aureus, tigecycline has shown potent activity among both MSSA and MRSA strains.279-281 Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against community-associated MRSA strains as seen in a study of 1989 isolates with a susceptibility rate of 98.2%.282 In a European survey of common skin and skin structure pathogens, all MRSA isolates were susceptible to tigecycline.283\'a0Staphylococcus epidermidis has also been shown to be susceptible to tigecycline, including strains that are erythromycin resistant.284\
\
Tigecycline is also highly active against Enterococcus spp., including strains resistant to vancomycin. In a study of 97 vancomycin-resistant isolates, tigecycline was equally active against all VanA, VanB, and VanC phenotypes of glycopeptide resistance of enterococci.285 In the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) program, which took place from 2004 to 2009 and looked at various antimicrobials against Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium, all 2068 isolates of E. faecalis were susceptible to tigecycline in various European countries. Only 2 out of 893 (0.2%) of E. faecium isolates were resistant to tigecycline.286 In a Korean study, 4 out of 2005 (0.2%) of vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) isolates were resistant to tigecycline.287\
\
Streptococci have also been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline, including bloodstream isolates of viridans-group streptococcal species.288 Tigecycline has also shown excellent activity against \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci.289 Tigecycline was two- to fourfold more active than comparator agents against all 435 isolates of S. pneumoniae studied in the global TEST program, including those that were penicillin resistant and penicillin intermediate. Against the penicillin-susceptible S. pneumoniae isolates, tigecycline was less active than \u946 -lactam agents.290 In another study, tigecycline was noted to be bactericidal against 11 of 12 strains of S. pneumoniae.291\
\
Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against L. monocytogenes and coryneform bacteria.292\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Tigecycline has good activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of most strains of Proteus spp., Providencia spp., and Morganella spp.289,293,294 Enterobacterales that have developed resistance to tetracycline are susceptible to tigecycline because it remains stable and largely unaffected by the commonly occurring efflux and ribosomal protection resistance mechanisms. In a large global study, tetracycline-resistant populations demonstrated only modest decreases in potency to tigecycline, which appeared to be species dependent (up to twofold only for E. coli, Salmonella spp., Shigella spp., and Pantoea agglomerans and up to fourfold for Klebsiella spp., Enterobacter spp., and Citrobacter spp.).295 Other resistance mechanisms, such as extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase (ESBL) production, AmpC derepression, carbapenemase production, and resistance phenotypes, such as fluoroquinolone resistance, fluoroquinolone/ampicillin resistance, fluoroquinolone/TMP-SMX resistance, and multidrug resistance, do not have an influence on the MIC value of tigecycline.295-299\
\
Tigecycline has good activity against most lactose-nonfermenting gram-negative bacilli with the notable exception of P. aeruginosa. It remains one of the most active agents against Acinetobacter spp.290,293,300 Although most studies have noted a high level of Acinetobacter spp. susceptibility to tigecycline, one study in Israel noted that of 82 isolates, 66% were resistant, 12% were intermediate, and just 22% were susceptible to tigecycline.301 In the United States, most antimicrobial agents have shown reduced susceptibility to A. baumannii over recent years, including tigecycline.300\'a0S. maltophilia has been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline in\'a0vitro. In a large global survey of 1586 isolates, 95.5% were susceptible to tigecycline, which was second only to TMP-SMX (96%).302\
\
In another global study, 1220 strains of H. influenzae, 495 strains of Moraxella catarrhalis, and 17 strains of N. meningitidis were all susceptible to tigecycline.303\'a0Brucella melitensis is highly susceptible to tigecycline both in\'a0vitro and in blood and bone marrow cultures of adult patients with acute brucellosis.304-306 Tigecycline has reduced activity against B. cepacia.267\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against most gram-positive and gram-negative anaerobes. In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline were tested against 831 isolates of the B. fragilis group representing all of the species within the group. Tigecycline was more active than clindamycin, minocycline, and cefoxitin and less active than imipenem or piperacillin-tazobactam against all isolates of the B. fragilis group.307 In the European TEST program looking at Bacteroides, Prevotella, Anaerococcus, Clostridium, Finegoldia, and Peptostreptococcus spp., the lowest MIC values were noted for meropenem and tigecycline. Of note, tigecycline showed the lowest MIC90 against C. difficile (0.25 mg/L).308\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Tigecycline is highly active against C. pneumoniae, C. trachomatis, M. pneumoniae, and M. hominis.85,309 It is less active against U. urealyticum than tetracycline, with an MIC90 of 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL.309 In a guinea pig model, tigecycline was shown to be as effective as erythromycin against L. pneumophila, but the drug was inactivated by test medium that confounded susceptibility data. Tigecycline prevented death in the study, but treated guinea pigs were noted to have residual bacterial concentrations in the lungs, suggesting that tigecycline may not be the drug of choice for severe legionnaires\'92 disease, and prolonged therapy would be required.310\
\
Mycobacteria and Nocardia\
The rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM) appear to be highly susceptible to tigecycline. In two separate studies, every RGM isolate, mostly consisting of M. fortuitum, M. abscessus, and M. chelonae, was susceptible to tigecycline.97,311 All slowly growing nontuberculous mycobacteria, including M. avium complex, Mycobacterium lentiflavum, M. marinum, and M. kansasii, are resistant to tigecycline.97 The in\'a0vitro activity against M. tuberculosis appears poor.312 Tigecycline has modest activity against Nocardia spp., with an MIC90 of 4 \uc0\u956 g/mL. By comparison, minocycline has an MIC90 of 2 \u956 g/mL.103\
\
Clinical Uses\
Tigecycline is currently FDA approved for three indications: treatment of cSSSIs, cIAIs, and CABP. It is also used off-label for many other disease processes.\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Several clinical studies have compared tigecycline versus a combination of vancomycin and aztreonam for up to 14 days for the treatment of skin and skin structure infections. Similar results have been seen across studies that have shown tigecycline to be noninferior. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, tests of cure were between 73.3% and 84.3% for tigecycline and between 66.6% and 86.9% for the vancomycin-aztreonam group. Tests of cure for the clinically evaluable populations were 78.6% to 89.8% and 75.8% to 95%, respectively. Increased nausea and vomiting was consistently seen in the tigecycline group, whereas rash and elevated transaminases were consistently seen in the vancomycin-aztreonam group.256,313-316 In the largest study, no differences were noted in clinical cure rates in patients who were bacteremic (86% vs. 87.5%). Tigecycline had equal efficacy in patients with monomicrobial and polymicrobial infections.256\
\
In a phase III, randomized, double-blind trial conducted in subjects with diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, a 150-mg once-daily regimen of tigecycline did not meet criteria for noninferiority compared with ertapenem with or without vancomycin.317\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Tigecycline is an attractive option to treat cIAIs because its broad spectrum of activity is favorable against a potentially polymicrobial infection. In two large studies of cIAIs, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for 5 to 14 days of treatment. Complicated appendicitis was the most common infection, followed by complicated cholecystitis. The most common organisms were E. coli, Streptococcus anginosus group, and B. fragilis. Acute Physiology and Chronic Page 342Health Evaluation (APACHE) II scores were similar, and less than 4% of patients had scores over 15. Clinical cure rates were 86.1% for tigecycline and 86.2% for imipenem-cilastatin, meeting noninferiority criteria. There was no difference in cure rates between the two therapies for monomicrobial versus polymicrobial infections. Clinical cure rates for bacteremia were also similar (82% vs. 80%, respectively). Nausea and vomiting were more frequent in the tigecycline group.257,318\
\
Two other studies have compared tigecycline with a combination of ceftriaxone plus metronidazole for cIAIs. Clinical cure rates were between 70.4% and 81.8% in the tigecycline group and 74.3% and 79.4% in the ceftriaxone-metronidazole group, again displaying noninferiority.319,320\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Tigecycline has been approved for the treatment of CABP. It has been compared with levofloxacin in multiple studies with treatment durations between 7 and 14 days and Fine Pneumonia Severity Index scores typically from II to IV. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, test-of-cure results were between 78.7% and 84.4% for tigecycline and between 77.8% and 82.1% for the levofloxacin group. Test-of-cure results for the clinically evaluable populations were 88.9% and 90.6% and 85.3% and 87.2%, respectively. All trials met noninferiority criteria for tigecycline. As with other clinical trials, more patients tended to have nausea and vomiting in the tigecycline groups.258,259,321,322\
\
Tigecycline has also been looked at for treating VAP and HAP. In a retrospective review of 117 patients with VAP treated with tigecycline, 74 (63%) were determined by the physician to have clinical success. About half of the patients had a microbiologic diagnosis, and of those the most common organisms were Acinetobacter spp. (69%) and MRSA (22%). Eighty-four percent of the cases with Acinetobacter spp. were carbapenem resistant. Global mortality proportion was 33%.323 In a phase III randomized controlled trial involving 945 patients, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for the treatment of HAP. Cure rates were 67.9% for tigecycline and 78.2% for imipenem-cilastatin in the clinically evaluable group and 62.7% and 67.6% in the clinical modified intention-to-treat group, respectively. A statistical interaction occurred between VAP and non-VAP subgroups, with significantly lower cure rates in tigecycline-treated VAP patients compared with imipenem; in non-VAP patients, tigecycline was noninferior to imipenem. Overall mortality did not differ between the tigecycline (14.1%) and imipenem-cilastatin regimens (12.2%), although more deaths occurred in VAP patients treated with tigecycline than imipenem-cilastin.324 In a subsequent phase II study, the safety and efficacy of two higher doses of tigecycline (150 mg followed by 75 mg every 12 hours or 200 mg followed by 100 mg every 12 hours) were compared with imipenem-cilastatin in participants with HAP. In the clinically evaluable population, the rate of clinical cure with tigecycline 100 mg (17/20, 85.0%) was numerically higher than with tigecycline 75 mg (16/23, 69.6%) and imipenem-cilastatin (18/24, 75.0%). No new safety signals with the high-dose tigecycline were identified.325\
\
Other Uses\
Tigecycline is also used for many off-label indications. In an early-use registry of 113 patients, 22% received tigecycline for approved indications and 78% for off-label indications (56% with scientific support and 22% with limited or no scientific support).326\
\
Although there are no randomized prospective trials looking at the use of tigecycline for bacteremia, secondary bacteremia in prior clinical trials has been analyzed. Pooled data from subjects enrolled for treatment of cSSSI, cIAI, or CAP presenting with bacteremia from seven double-blind and one open-label trial of tigecycline compared with vancomycin-aztreonam, imipenem-cilastatin, levofloxacin, vancomycin, or linezolid were analyzed. A total of 170 subjects were identified, and clinical cure rates were 81.3% and 78.5% for tigecycline and the comparator. Nine patients treated with tigecycline were noted to have persistent bacteremia, as compared with one in the comparator group.327 Tigecycline, in a solution with N-acetylcysteine and heparin, was evaluated as a catheter-lock solution for catheter salvage in patients with hemodialysis catheter-associated bacteremia. Eighteen case patients received the catheter-lock solution for 14 days plus systemic antibiotic therapy. Treatment was successful for 15 (83%) of the 18 case patients within 90 days of follow-up.328\
\
In critically ill patients who have developed bacterial infections with multidrug resistance, tigecycline remains an attractive option owing to its ability to maintain in\'a0vitro activity. A phase III, open-label, noncomparator study evaluated tigecycline in patients with selected serious infections caused by resistant gram-negative bacteria, patients with treatment failures who had received prior antimicrobial therapy, or patients unable to tolerate other appropriate antimicrobials. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, CAP, HAP, VAP, and bacteremia (including catheter-associated bacteremia). Clinical cure rate was 72.2%, and the microbiologic eradication rate was 66.7%.329 Another phase III study compared the safety and efficacy of tigecycline with vancomycin or linezolid in hospitalized patients with MRSA or VRE infections. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, pneumonia, and bacteremia. For MRSA infection, clinical cure rates in the microbiologically evaluable population (n = 117) were 81.4% (70/86 patients) with tigecycline and 83.9% (26/31 patients) with vancomycin. Most infections were cSSSIs. There were only 15 patients enrolled with VRE, and the authors were not able to draw any conclusions.330 In a report of 110 cancer patients who developed serious infections, 64% were noted to have a clinical response when treated with tigecycline (92% were treated in combination with an antipseudomonal agent). Interesting to note, more patients with bacteremia than pneumonia had clinical response (79% vs. 51%). Mortality rates of those with pneumonia were 44%, compared with 16% with bacteremia.331 The combination of piperacillin-tazobactam and tigecycline was found to be more effective than piperacillin-tazobactam alone in febrile, neutropenic hematologic patients with cancer in an epidemiologic setting characterized by a high rate of MDR microorganisms.332 In a prospective, observational study of adults with extensively drug-resistant A. baumannii bacteremia, increased 14-day mortality was observed with the combination of colistin-tigecycline compared with a colistin-carbapenem regimen. The excess mortality may have been restricted to the subgroup with higher tigecycline MICs (>2 \uc0\u956 g/mL).333 In a systematic review and meta-analysis, tigecycline, particularly when given in high-doses and in combination with other agents, was found to have similar efficacy to other antibiotics for treating carbapenem-resistant gram-negative bacterial infections.334\
\
Clinical trials that have looked at use of tigecycline for urinary tract infections were abandoned at precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 In a retrospective cohort study of carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae bacteriuria, tigecycline, polymyxin B, and an aminoglycoside were compared. The microbiologic clearance rate was 88% in the aminoglycoside cohort (n = 41), 64% in the polymyxin B cohort (n = 25), 43% in the tigecycline cohort (n = 21), and 36% in an untreated cohort.335 Success with tigecycline for treating MDR K. pneumoniae and A. baumannii urinary tract infection or urosepsis has been reported with use of higher than approved doses of tigecycline, with initial doses between 200 and 400 mg and subsequent maintenance doses of 100 to 200 mg every 24 hours.275\
\
Interest in using tigecycline for CDIs has arisen owing to its in\'a0vitro activity and high stool concentrations. Currently, no randomized controlled trials have evaluated tigecycline for the treatment of CDI. There have been multiple case reports of use of tigecycline (alone or in combination with other CDI therapies) for the treatment of CDI, with most having a successful outcome.336-338 In a retrospective case-control study of severe CDI, 18 patients who received tigecycline (along with other CDI therapies) were compared with 26 similarly ill patients who did not receive tigecycline. There was no difference with regard to CDI survival, rates of colectomy, or relapse rates.339 In a propensity-matched cohort study of 28 cases of CDI treated with tigecycline compared with 140 cases without tigecycline, 30-day mortality was not statistically different.340\
\
Limited data exist regarding use of tigecycline for bone and joint infections. In the previously mentioned phase III study in diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, clinical cure rates in the substudy were low (<36%) for a subset of tigecycline-treated patients with osteomyelitis.317 Other small cases series have reported varying degrees of success using tigecycline for osteomyelitis.341,342Page 343\
\
Treatment of infections with RGM can be difficult. The safety and efficacy of a tigecycline-containing regimen for salvage treatment of 52 patients with M. abscessus and M. chelonae was performed. Included patients had both lung and extrapulmonary infections. Tigecycline given for at least 1 month as part of a multidrug regimen resulted in improvement in over 60% of patients, including those with underlying cystic fibrosis, despite failure of prior antibiotic therapy. AEs were reported in over 90% of cases, the most common being nausea and vomiting.343\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Tigecycline remains active against bacteria that contain efflux-mediated resistance to tetracyclines. This is likely a result of the efflux pump\'92s ineffectiveness in transporting tigecycline out of the cell, or from the inability of tigecycline to induce efflux proteins.344,345 There is also currently no evidence of gene mutations coding for RPPs for the tet family (tet(M), tet(O), tet(S)) for reduced susceptibility to tigecycline.\
\
The most common intrinsic tigecycline resistance observed in Proteus mirabilis and Morganella morganii is drug recognition and upregulation by the AcrAB efflux pump.346,347 Overexpression of this pump is also associated with the development of resistance to other gram-negative bacteria. P. aeruginosa is intrinsically resistant to tigecycline as a result of the MexXY-OprM multidrug efflux pump.348 A novel plasmid-mediated multidrug-resistant RND family efflux pump, TMexCD1-TOprJ1, has been identified in carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae and other gram-negative bacilli including Pseudomonas spp. in China.349\
\
The overexpression of MepA, a novel MATE family efflux pump, may contribute to decreased activity of tigecycline against S. aureus.350\
\
Adverse Reactions\
Gastrointestinal Side Effects\
\
As with older tetracyclines, the most commonly reported adverse reactions to tigecycline are gastrointestinal in nature. As seen in multiple phase III clinical trials, nausea (26%) and vomiting (18%) were the most reported side effects.256,257,268,313,351 The majority of these symptoms (95%) were mild to moderate and occurred after 1 to 2 days of therapy. The side effects are dose related; 100 mg was the highest dose tolerated in fasting healthy participants, and 200 mg was the highest dose tolerated with food.272 However, the risk of side effects was found to be similar in a review of 134 patients given standard or high-dose regimens for VAP.352 Less reported side effects are anorexia, dry mouth, dysgeusia, and loose stool.296\
\
Hepatotoxicity and Pancreatitis\
Transient elevations in transaminases and alkaline phosphatase levels have been seen.353 In phase III clinical trials, the incidence of increased liver function test results was significantly lower with tigecycline than with comparator drugs.256,258 However, in a recent retrospective review of 397 patients treated with at least 7 days of tigecycline, the prevalence of drug-induced liver injury (DILI) was 10.3%.354 Independent risk factors for DILI were abnormal baseline alanine aminotransferase levels, intensive care unit admission, and treatment length. Case reports of mild tigecycline-induced acute pancreatitis have also been reported.355\
\
Other Side Effects\
Other side effects reported from clinical trials that have an incidence between 2% and 7% include (in descending order) infection, headache, anemia, hypoproteinemia, asthenia, phlebitis, elevated blood urea nitrogen (BUN), abnormal healing, dizziness, skin rash, pneumonia, and abscess formation.268\
\
Increased Mortality\
In 2010 the FDA issued a warning of an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections on the basis of pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In those studies, death occurred in 4% (150/3788) of patients receiving tigecycline and 3% (110/3646) of patients receiving comparator drugs. Based on a random effects model by trial weight, an adjusted risk difference of all-cause mortality was 0.6% (95% confidence interval, 0.1\'961.2) between tigecycline- and comparator-treated patients. Deaths were generally the result of worsening infection, complications of infections, or underlying comorbidities. Among indications, the mortality difference was not statistically significant. However, mortality in tigecycline-treated patients was numerically greater in every infection and considerably greater in VAP (19.1% vs. 12.3%). Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the HAP trial, particularly those with VAP with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable. After the 2010 warning was issued, data were analyzed from 10 clinical trials conducted only for FDA-approved uses (cSSSI, cIAI, CABP), including trials conducted after the drug was approved. This analysis showed a higher risk of death among patients receiving tigecycline compared with other antibacterial drugs: 2.5% (66/2640) versus 1.8% (48/2628), respectively. The adjusted risk difference for death was 0.6% with corresponding 95% confidence interval (0.0\'961.2).261\
\
Several meta-analyses prompted the FDA to look into the efficacy and safety of tigecycline. Depending on what clinical trials (published and unpublished) were included, results varied.356-358\
\
Drug Interactions\
In\'a0vitro studies in human liver microsomes have indicated that tigecycline is not a substrate, inhibitor, or inducer of common cytochrome P450 enzymes; therefore such pharmacokinetic drug interactions are unlikely.359 However, concomitant administration of tigecycline and warfarin in healthy participants resulted in a decrease in clearance of R-warfarin and S-warfarin by 40% and 23%, an increase in Cmax by 38% and 43%, and an increase in AUC by 68% and 29%, respectively.268 No significant effects of tigecycline on digoxin pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics were noted in a study of 20 healthy men.360\
\
Eravacycline and Omadacycline\
Two new tetracycline derivatives were approved by the FDA in late 2018. Eravacycline is a fluorocycline antibiotic and is FDA approved for cIAIs in adults.361 Omadacycline is an aminomethylcycline and is FDA approved for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP.362 Both drugs carry the same package insert label, which is to recommend that these two drugs should be used only to treat or prevent infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. This precaution is to reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of eravacycline and omadacycline and other antibacterial drugs.363 Eravacycline also has a label precaution that it is not indicated for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTIs). Omadacycline has an additional label precaution about the mortality imbalance in patients with CABP. In the CABP trial, a mortality rate of 2.1% was observed in omadacycline-treated patients compared with 0.8% in moxifloxacin-treated patients (P = .14).362 The cause of the mortality imbalance has not been established. Providers should closely monitor clinical response to therapy in CABP patients, particularly in those at higher risk for mortality.\
\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Eravacycline is a synthetic fluorocycline that is similar in structure to tigecycline but with two important tetracycline core modifications (see Fig 25.1). The dimethylamine moiety at C-7 is replaced by a fluorine atom and the 2-tertiary-butyl glycylamido moiety at C-9 is replaced by a pyrrolidinoacetamido group.364 Omadacycline is a semisynthetic aminomethylcycline that is also similar in structure to tigecycline but with an alkylaminomethyl group replacing the glycylamido group at the C-9 position (see Fig 25.1).365 Similar to other tetracyclines, eravacycline and omadacycline inhibit bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit.\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Eravacycline recommended dosing is 1 mg/kg by IV infusion over 60 minutes every 12 hours. No dose adjustment is required in patients Page 344with renal impairment. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child Pugh C), the dose should be reduced starting on day 2 to 1 mg/kg every 24 hours. With concomitant use of a strong CYP3A inducer, the dose should be increased to 1.5 mg/kg every 12 hours.361 Eravacycline dosed by actual body weight in obese patients (body mass index \uc0\u8805  30 kg/m2) has been shown to have therapeutic utility with an acceptable safety profile.366\
\
Omadacycline recommended dosing for ABSSSI and CABP is 200 mg by IV infusion over 60 minutes on day 1 (given once or divided into two 100-mg doses), followed by 100 mg IV daily or 300 mg orally daily. For ABSSSI treatment, loading doses can be done with 450 mg orally once daily on days 1 and 2, followed by 300 mg orally daily. No dose adjustment is recommended in patients with renal or hepatic impairment.362\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Based on a study of healthy males, the oral bioavailability of eravacycline is estimated to be 28% (range, 26%\'9632%) with a median time to maximum plasma concentration (tmax) value of 2 to 2.5 hours and maximum plasma concentration (Cmax) of 0.23 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 200-mg dose.367 The half-life after a single dose and multiple doses is 22 and 34 hours, respectively.364 However, development of an oral dose formulation for oral eravacycline has been discontinued.\
\
Omadacycline has an estimated bioavailability of 34.5% with a Cmax of 0.31 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 300-mg dose.368 The half-life is approximately 17.6 \'b1 1.45 hours.369\
\
Drug Distribution\
Eravacycline has a volume of distribution at steady state (Vss) of 3.3 to 4.2 L/kg and is 79% to 90% protein-bound.364 In a phase 1 study of healthy volunteers, the mean Cmax of eravacycline dosed 1 mg/kg every 12 hours for 7 doses was 1.29 \'b1 0.4 mg/L.370 The total AUC0-12h in plasma was 4.56 \'b1 0.94 mg\'b7h/L with an estimated free AUC0-12h value of 0.77 \'b1 0.14 mg\'b7h/L. The AUC0-12h in epithelial lining fluid (ELF) and alveolar macrophages was 4.93 mg\'b7h/L and 39.53 mg\'b7h/L, respectively, with an estimated penetration ratio to free plasma of 6.44 and 51.63.\
\
The Vss of omadacycline in healthy human subjects is 190 to 204 L.371,372 After the administration of 100 mg IV omadacycline, the Cmax is 1.92 to 2.12 mg/L.371,372 The protein binding in human plasma is 21.3%, which is lower than other tetracyclines.373 Omadacycline has good intrapulmonary penetration. The AUC24h values in ELF and alveolar cells in healthy human subjects were 17.2 mg\'b7h/L and 302.5 mg\'b7h/L, giving the AUC24h ratios relative to the free AUC24h in plasma of 1.47 and 25.8, respectively.371 These intrapulmonary concentrations were higher than healthy subjects treated with tigecycline.\
\
Drug Elimination\
After a single 60-mg IV dose of radiolabeled eravacycline, 47.8% of the dose was recovered in feces while renal excretion accounted for about 34% of the dose.374\
\
Elimination of omadacycline after a single 300-mg dose was found to be primarily fecal (81.1%) and less urinary excretion (14.4%).369\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Both eravacycline and omadacycline have very broad in\'a0vitro activity against gram-positive, gram-negative, and anaerobic organisms, including multidrug-resistant organisms. Eravacycline is two- to fourfold more active than tigecycline against most aerobic gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, whereas omadacycline generally has comparable MIC values to tigecycline but lower MIC values than tetracycline.364,365 For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.5.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Eravacycline retains potent activity against staphylococci, enterococci, and streptococci regardless of concurrent resistance phenotypes.375-377 For S. aureus, eravacycline activity is independent of methicillin resistance, macrolide resistance, fluoroquinolone resistance, daptomycin nonsusceptibility, linezolid resistance, or the expression of Panton-Valentine leucocidin.375 Similarly, eravacycline remains highly active against both E. faecalis and E. faecium Newer Tetracycline Derivatives\
Tigecycline\
\
Glycylcyclines are a novel class of antibacterial drugs that have been developed to combat the emergence of antibiotic-resistant organisms, including those resistant to conventional tetracyclines. Tigecycline is the first member of the class to be approved by the FDA in 2005. Page 339It was originally approved for the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections (cSSSIs) and cIAIs based on noninferiority studies.256,257 In 2009, tigecycline was approved for the treatment of CABP based on comparable cure rates in patients treated with levofloxacin.258,259 Tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic and is active in\'a0vitro against a broad range of antibiotic-resistant aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The FDA issued a warning regarding an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections based on the pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable.261 In general, the deaths appear related to worsening or complications of the infection or underlying comorbidities. Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP) trial, particularly those with ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
TABLE 25.3\
\
Significant Food-Drug and Drug-Drug Interactions With Tetracyclines\
Interacting Agent	Effect	Comments\
Food	Tetracycline	\
Food may reduce absorption by 50%	Bioavailability is 60%\'9680% when taken on an empty stomach\
Doxycycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Minocycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Divalent or trivalent cations: aluminum, calcium, magnesium, iron, zinc	Significant reduction of all tetracycline absorption	Should not be administered concurrently with foods or drugs containing divalent or trivalent cations (i.e., antacids, sucralfate, didanosine, multivitamins)\
Kaolin and pectin	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	\
Bismuth subsalicylate	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	Separate administration of tetracycline from divalent or trivalent cations by 2hours\
Sodium bicarbonate	May decrease absorption of tetracycline	\
Cimetidine	Decreased tetracycline absorption	Effect not clinically significant\
Carbamazepine, phenytoin, barbiturates	Decreased half-life of doxycycline	Increases hepatic metabolism\
Chronic ethanol ingestion	Decreased half-life of doxycycline but not tetracycline	Possible mechanism: induction of hepatic microsomal enzymes\
Methoxyflurane or fluorinated anesthetic	Nephrotoxicity when administered with tetracycline agents	\
Diuretics	Increased blood urea nitrogen	Volume depletion may increase the nephrotoxic effects of tetracycline by unknown mechanisms\
Oral anticoagulants	Increased risk of bleeding	Tetracyclines may impair utilization of prothrombin and may decrease vitamin K production by intestinal bacteria; tigecycline decreases warfarin clearance, although a study found no effect in healthy volunteers\
Oral contraceptives	Reduced levels when administered with tetracyclines	\
Women should use an additional (mechanical) form of birth control\
Possible mechanism: reduction in bacterial hydrolysis of conjugated estrogen in the intestine\
Antiinfectives	May reduce antimicrobial activity of aminoglycosides and penicillins	\
Rare reports of in\'a0vitro antagonism\
Some clinicians recommend that the drugs not be used concomitantly\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Tigecycline is a semisynthetic derivative of minocycline. It has an N-alkyl-glycylamido moiety attached to the 9-position of minocycline.263 (See Fig. 25.1 for molecular structure.) The design is based on the premise that a peptide substituent would enhance ribosomal permeation and binding. The 9-glycyl substitution results in steric hindrance that enables tigecycline to overcome the two major types of tetracycline resistance: tetracycline-specific efflux pumps and ribosomal protection.264\
\
Tigecycline\'92s antibacterial mechanism of action is similar to that of older tetracyclines. It works by inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis by binding to bacterial 30S ribosomal subunits, ultimately blocking entry of aminoacyl transfer RNA molecules into the A site of the ribosome. This prevents amino acids from incorporating into elongating peptide chains, thus inhibiting protein synthesis.264,265 Like other tetracyclines, tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic because its interaction with the ribosome is reversible.8 Because glycylcyclines bind five times more strongly to the ribosome than tetracyclines, they are able to overcome the ribosomal protection mechanism of the tetracycline resistome.266,267\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Tigecycline is available only in intravenous formulation owing to its poor oral absorption. The recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by 50 mg every 12 hours. Infusions should be administered over approximately 30 to 60 minutes. According to the package insert, the recommended duration of treatment for cSSSIs or for cIAIs is 5 to 14 days. The recommended duration for treatment of CABP is 7 to 14 days. It has not been studied in children younger than 18.268\
\
In patients with renal impairment, no dose adjustment is necessary. In a pooled pharmacokinetic evaluation of tigecycline in healthy adult volunteers and in those with renal impairment, tigecycline had mostly linear pharmacokinetics across all dose ranges. Tigecycline is also not significantly removed by hemodialysis.269\
\
In patients with mild-to-moderate hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh A and B), no dose adjustment is necessary. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh C), the recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by a reduced maintenance dose of 25 mg every 12 hours. These patients should be treated with caution and monitored closely. In a study looking at various stages of liver dysfunction, patients with moderate liver disease had systemic clearance reduced by 25%, and the half-life was increased by 23%. In patients with severe liver disease, systemic clearance was decreased by 55% and the half-life was increased by 43%.270\
\
There do not appear to be any significant differences in tigecycline pharmacokinetic parameters on the basis of age, sex, or weight. Therefore, no dose adjustment appears necessary.271Page 340\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Tigecycline has limited oral bioavailability, hence it is available only in IV preparations. Food does not significantly alter pharmacokinetics and may reduce the nausea and vomiting seen as a side effect. The half-life of tigecycline ranges from 37 to 67 hours.272\
\
Drug Distribution\
In\'a0vitro plasma protein binding of tigecycline is 71% to 89%, and the volume of distribution is 7 to 10 L/kg, indicating extensive distribution into the tissues.272 In a 100-mg single-dose study of patients undergoing elective surgery or a medical procedure for tissue extraction, various tissue concentrations were measured. The respective mean and median concentration values of tigecycline in serum immediately after the end of a 100-mg infusion were 1.94 and 1.32 mg/L. Subsequent serum concentrations of tigecycline gradually declined to mean values of 0.22, 0.19, 0.11, and 0.07 mg/L at approximately 4, 8, 12, and 24 hours, respectively. Tissue penetration, expressed as the ratio of area under the curve (AUC)0\'9624h in tissue or body fluid to serum, was 537 for bile, 23 for gallbladder, 2.6 for colon, 2.0 for lung, 0.41 for bone, 0.31 for synovial fluid, and 0.11 for CSF.273 In a separate study of subjects without infections undergoing elective orthopedic procedures, multiple doses of tigecycline were shown to result in bone-to-serum ratios of approximately 4.77, showing penetration into bone.274 After standard dosing to 33 healthy volunteers, the tigecycline AUC0\'9612h in alveolar cells was 78-fold higher than the AUC0\'9612h in the serum. In epithelial lining fluid, the AUC0\'9612h was about 32% higher than in the serum.268,273 In the urine, after a 100-mg dose of tigecycline, urinary concentrations were about 0.3 \uc0\u956 g/mL.275 Clinical trials in urinary tract infections were abandoned on precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 Like the earlier-generation tetracyclines, tigecycline displays a time-dependent killing pattern and exhibits a considerable postantibiotic effect.277\
\
Drug Elimination\
The primary route of elimination for tigecycline is biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline and its metabolites. Using radiolabeled carbon-14 (14C)-tigecycline, studies have shown elimination primarily by the liver via biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline in the feces (59%). Glucuronidation and renal excretion of unchanged tigecycline are secondary routes. Thirty-two percent of tigecycline is eliminated in the urine.272,278\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Tigecycline has antibacterial activity against a wide variety of aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.4.Page 341\
\
TABLE 25.4\
\
Overview of the MIC50 and MIC90 Ranges, and the Wild-Type Cutoff Values for Various Species That Are Clinically Relevant for Tigecycline Use\
MIC50 (\uc0\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	Range (\u956 g/mL)	Eucast Wild-Type Cutoff\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'961	0.25\
S. aureus, methicillin-susceptible	0.12	0.12\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'961	0.25\
Staphylococcus epidermidis, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	0.5\
S. epidermidis, methicillin-susceptible	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'962	0.5\
Enterococcus faecalis, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
Enterococcus faecium, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
E. faecium, vancomycin-resistant	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.12		0.25\
Streptococcus pyogenes	0.06	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	0.125\
Streptococcus agalactiae	0.03\'960.06	0.12\'960.25	0.03\'961	0.25\
Streptococcus pneumoniae	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	\u8804 0.06\'961	0.125\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Enterobacterales	0.5	1	0.04\'9616	\'97\
Enterobacter spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.06\'968	\'97\
Enterobacter cloacae	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.5\'9616	2\
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.06\'9616	2\
Escherichia coli	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.03\'964	1\
Haemophilus influenzae	0.12\'960.5	0.25\'961	\uc0\u8804 0.008\'962	1\
Klebsiella spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.5\'968	2 (K. pneumoniae)\
Klebsiella pneumoniae ESBL+	1	2	0.12\'968	\'97\
Moraxella catarrhalis	0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.5	0.125\
Morganella morganii	2	4	1\'968	8\
Proteus spp.	4	4\'968	1\'9616	4/8\
Serratia spp.	1\'962	1\'964	0.5\'9616	4\
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	0.38\'961	1.5\'964	0.25\'968	4\
Pseudomonas aeruginosa	8\'9616	16 to \uc0\u8805 32	0.12\'9664	64\
Acinetobacter spp.	0.5\'963	1\'966	0.03\'968	\'97\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Bacteroides fragilis group	0.5\'961	0.5\'968	0.06\'9632	\'97\
Clostridioides difficile (formerly Clostridium difficile)	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	\'97\
Clostridium perfringens	0.12	1	0.06\'962	\'97\
Fusobacterium spp.	0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.25	\'97\
Peptostreptococcus spp.	0.06	0.06\'960.125	0.06\'960.12	\
ESBL, Extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; EUCAST, European Committee on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
From Nabuurs-Franssen M, Mouton JW. Tigecycline. In: Grayson ML, ed. Kucers\'92 The Use of Antibiotics. 6th ed. CRC Press; 2010:881\'96892.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against many Staphylococcus, Enterococcus, and Streptococcus species, including organisms resistant to many other classes of antibiotics. Among S. aureus, tigecycline has shown potent activity among both MSSA and MRSA strains.279-281 Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against community-associated MRSA strains as seen in a study of 1989 isolates with a susceptibility rate of 98.2%.282 In a European survey of common skin and skin structure pathogens, all MRSA isolates were susceptible to tigecycline.283\'a0Staphylococcus epidermidis has also been shown to be susceptible to tigecycline, including strains that are erythromycin resistant.284\
\
Tigecycline is also highly active against Enterococcus spp., including strains resistant to vancomycin. In a study of 97 vancomycin-resistant isolates, tigecycline was equally active against all VanA, VanB, and VanC phenotypes of glycopeptide resistance of enterococci.285 In the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) program, which took place from 2004 to 2009 and looked at various antimicrobials against Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium, all 2068 isolates of E. faecalis were susceptible to tigecycline in various European countries. Only 2 out of 893 (0.2%) of E. faecium isolates were resistant to tigecycline.286 In a Korean study, 4 out of 2005 (0.2%) of vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) isolates were resistant to tigecycline.287\
\
Streptococci have also been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline, including bloodstream isolates of viridans-group streptococcal species.288 Tigecycline has also shown excellent activity against \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci.289 Tigecycline was two- to fourfold more active than comparator agents against all 435 isolates of S. pneumoniae studied in the global TEST program, including those that were penicillin resistant and penicillin intermediate. Against the penicillin-susceptible S. pneumoniae isolates, tigecycline was less active than \u946 -lactam agents.290 In another study, tigecycline was noted to be bactericidal against 11 of 12 strains of S. pneumoniae.291\
\
Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against L. monocytogenes and coryneform bacteria.292\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Tigecycline has good activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of most strains of Proteus spp., Providencia spp., and Morganella spp.289,293,294 Enterobacterales that have developed resistance to tetracycline are susceptible to tigecycline because it remains stable and largely unaffected by the commonly occurring efflux and ribosomal protection resistance mechanisms. In a large global study, tetracycline-resistant populations demonstrated only modest decreases in potency to tigecycline, which appeared to be species dependent (up to twofold only for E. coli, Salmonella spp., Shigella spp., and Pantoea agglomerans and up to fourfold for Klebsiella spp., Enterobacter spp., and Citrobacter spp.).295 Other resistance mechanisms, such as extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase (ESBL) production, AmpC derepression, carbapenemase production, and resistance phenotypes, such as fluoroquinolone resistance, fluoroquinolone/ampicillin resistance, fluoroquinolone/TMP-SMX resistance, and multidrug resistance, do not have an influence on the MIC value of tigecycline.295-299\
\
Tigecycline has good activity against most lactose-nonfermenting gram-negative bacilli with the notable exception of P. aeruginosa. It remains one of the most active agents against Acinetobacter spp.290,293,300 Although most studies have noted a high level of Acinetobacter spp. susceptibility to tigecycline, one study in Israel noted that of 82 isolates, 66% were resistant, 12% were intermediate, and just 22% were susceptible to tigecycline.301 In the United States, most antimicrobial agents have shown reduced susceptibility to A. baumannii over recent years, including tigecycline.300\'a0S. maltophilia has been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline in\'a0vitro. In a large global survey of 1586 isolates, 95.5% were susceptible to tigecycline, which was second only to TMP-SMX (96%).302\
\
In another global study, 1220 strains of H. influenzae, 495 strains of Moraxella catarrhalis, and 17 strains of N. meningitidis were all susceptible to tigecycline.303\'a0Brucella melitensis is highly susceptible to tigecycline both in\'a0vitro and in blood and bone marrow cultures of adult patients with acute brucellosis.304-306 Tigecycline has reduced activity against B. cepacia.267\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against most gram-positive and gram-negative anaerobes. In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline were tested against 831 isolates of the B. fragilis group representing all of the species within the group. Tigecycline was more active than clindamycin, minocycline, and cefoxitin and less active than imipenem or piperacillin-tazobactam against all isolates of the B. fragilis group.307 In the European TEST program looking at Bacteroides, Prevotella, Anaerococcus, Clostridium, Finegoldia, and Peptostreptococcus spp., the lowest MIC values were noted for meropenem and tigecycline. Of note, tigecycline showed the lowest MIC90 against C. difficile (0.25 mg/L).308\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Tigecycline is highly active against C. pneumoniae, C. trachomatis, M. pneumoniae, and M. hominis.85,309 It is less active against U. urealyticum than tetracycline, with an MIC90 of 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL.309 In a guinea pig model, tigecycline was shown to be as effective as erythromycin against L. pneumophila, but the drug was inactivated by test medium that confounded susceptibility data. Tigecycline prevented death in the study, but treated guinea pigs were noted to have residual bacterial concentrations in the lungs, suggesting that tigecycline may not be the drug of choice for severe legionnaires\'92 disease, and prolonged therapy would be required.310\
\
Mycobacteria and Nocardia\
The rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM) appear to be highly susceptible to tigecycline. In two separate studies, every RGM isolate, mostly consisting of M. fortuitum, M. abscessus, and M. chelonae, was susceptible to tigecycline.97,311 All slowly growing nontuberculous mycobacteria, including M. avium complex, Mycobacterium lentiflavum, M. marinum, and M. kansasii, are resistant to tigecycline.97 The in\'a0vitro activity against M. tuberculosis appears poor.312 Tigecycline has modest activity against Nocardia spp., with an MIC90 of 4 \uc0\u956 g/mL. By comparison, minocycline has an MIC90 of 2 \u956 g/mL.103\
\
Clinical Uses\
Tigecycline is currently FDA approved for three indications: treatment of cSSSIs, cIAIs, and CABP. It is also used off-label for many other disease processes.\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Several clinical studies have compared tigecycline versus a combination of vancomycin and aztreonam for up to 14 days for the treatment of skin and skin structure infections. Similar results have been seen across studies that have shown tigecycline to be noninferior. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, tests of cure were between 73.3% and 84.3% for tigecycline and between 66.6% and 86.9% for the vancomycin-aztreonam group. Tests of cure for the clinically evaluable populations were 78.6% to 89.8% and 75.8% to 95%, respectively. Increased nausea and vomiting was consistently seen in the tigecycline group, whereas rash and elevated transaminases were consistently seen in the vancomycin-aztreonam group.256,313-316 In the largest study, no differences were noted in clinical cure rates in patients who were bacteremic (86% vs. 87.5%). Tigecycline had equal efficacy in patients with monomicrobial and polymicrobial infections.256\
\
In a phase III, randomized, double-blind trial conducted in subjects with diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, a 150-mg once-daily regimen of tigecycline did not meet criteria for noninferiority compared with ertapenem with or without vancomycin.317\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Tigecycline is an attractive option to treat cIAIs because its broad spectrum of activity is favorable against a potentially polymicrobial infection. In two large studies of cIAIs, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for 5 to 14 days of treatment. Complicated appendicitis was the most common infection, followed by complicated cholecystitis. The most common organisms were E. coli, Streptococcus anginosus group, and B. fragilis. Acute Physiology and Chronic Page 342Health Evaluation (APACHE) II scores were similar, and less than 4% of patients had scores over 15. Clinical cure rates were 86.1% for tigecycline and 86.2% for imipenem-cilastatin, meeting noninferiority criteria. There was no difference in cure rates between the two therapies for monomicrobial versus polymicrobial infections. Clinical cure rates for bacteremia were also similar (82% vs. 80%, respectively). Nausea and vomiting were more frequent in the tigecycline group.257,318\
\
Two other studies have compared tigecycline with a combination of ceftriaxone plus metronidazole for cIAIs. Clinical cure rates were between 70.4% and 81.8% in the tigecycline group and 74.3% and 79.4% in the ceftriaxone-metronidazole group, again displaying noninferiority.319,320\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Tigecycline has been approved for the treatment of CABP. It has been compared with levofloxacin in multiple studies with treatment durations between 7 and 14 days and Fine Pneumonia Severity Index scores typically from II to IV. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, test-of-cure results were between 78.7% and 84.4% for tigecycline and between 77.8% and 82.1% for the levofloxacin group. Test-of-cure results for the clinically evaluable populations were 88.9% and 90.6% and 85.3% and 87.2%, respectively. All trials met noninferiority criteria for tigecycline. As with other clinical trials, more patients tended to have nausea and vomiting in the tigecycline groups.258,259,321,322\
\
Tigecycline has also been looked at for treating VAP and HAP. In a retrospective review of 117 patients with VAP treated with tigecycline, 74 (63%) were determined by the physician to have clinical success. About half of the patients had a microbiologic diagnosis, and of those the most common organisms were Acinetobacter spp. (69%) and MRSA (22%). Eighty-four percent of the cases with Acinetobacter spp. were carbapenem resistant. Global mortality proportion was 33%.323 In a phase III randomized controlled trial involving 945 patients, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for the treatment of HAP. Cure rates were 67.9% for tigecycline and 78.2% for imipenem-cilastatin in the clinically evaluable group and 62.7% and 67.6% in the clinical modified intention-to-treat group, respectively. A statistical interaction occurred between VAP and non-VAP subgroups, with significantly lower cure rates in tigecycline-treated VAP patients compared with imipenem; in non-VAP patients, tigecycline was noninferior to imipenem. Overall mortality did not differ between the tigecycline (14.1%) and imipenem-cilastatin regimens (12.2%), although more deaths occurred in VAP patients treated with tigecycline than imipenem-cilastin.324 In a subsequent phase II study, the safety and efficacy of two higher doses of tigecycline (150 mg followed by 75 mg every 12 hours or 200 mg followed by 100 mg every 12 hours) were compared with imipenem-cilastatin in participants with HAP. In the clinically evaluable population, the rate of clinical cure with tigecycline 100 mg (17/20, 85.0%) was numerically higher than with tigecycline 75 mg (16/23, 69.6%) and imipenem-cilastatin (18/24, 75.0%). No new safety signals with the high-dose tigecycline were identified.325\
\
Other Uses\
Tigecycline is also used for many off-label indications. In an early-use registry of 113 patients, 22% received tigecycline for approved indications and 78% for off-label indications (56% with scientific support and 22% with limited or no scientific support).326\
\
Although there are no randomized prospective trials looking at the use of tigecycline for bacteremia, secondary bacteremia in prior clinical trials has been analyzed. Pooled data from subjects enrolled for treatment of cSSSI, cIAI, or CAP presenting with bacteremia from seven double-blind and one open-label trial of tigecycline compared with vancomycin-aztreonam, imipenem-cilastatin, levofloxacin, vancomycin, or linezolid were analyzed. A total of 170 subjects were identified, and clinical cure rates were 81.3% and 78.5% for tigecycline and the comparator. Nine patients treated with tigecycline were noted to have persistent bacteremia, as compared with one in the comparator group.327 Tigecycline, in a solution with N-acetylcysteine and heparin, was evaluated as a catheter-lock solution for catheter salvage in patients with hemodialysis catheter-associated bacteremia. Eighteen case patients received the catheter-lock solution for 14 days plus systemic antibiotic therapy. Treatment was successful for 15 (83%) of the 18 case patients within 90 days of follow-up.328\
\
In critically ill patients who have developed bacterial infections with multidrug resistance, tigecycline remains an attractive option owing to its ability to maintain in\'a0vitro activity. A phase III, open-label, noncomparator study evaluated tigecycline in patients with selected serious infections caused by resistant gram-negative bacteria, patients with treatment failures who had received prior antimicrobial therapy, or patients unable to tolerate other appropriate antimicrobials. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, CAP, HAP, VAP, and bacteremia (including catheter-associated bacteremia). Clinical cure rate was 72.2%, and the microbiologic eradication rate was 66.7%.329 Another phase III study compared the safety and efficacy of tigecycline with vancomycin or linezolid in hospitalized patients with MRSA or VRE infections. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, pneumonia, and bacteremia. For MRSA infection, clinical cure rates in the microbiologically evaluable population (n = 117) were 81.4% (70/86 patients) with tigecycline and 83.9% (26/31 patients) with vancomycin. Most infections were cSSSIs. There were only 15 patients enrolled with VRE, and the authors were not able to draw any conclusions.330 In a report of 110 cancer patients who developed serious infections, 64% were noted to have a clinical response when treated with tigecycline (92% were treated in combination with an antipseudomonal agent). Interesting to note, more patients with bacteremia than pneumonia had clinical response (79% vs. 51%). Mortality rates of those with pneumonia were 44%, compared with 16% with bacteremia.331 The combination of piperacillin-tazobactam and tigecycline was found to be more effective than piperacillin-tazobactam alone in febrile, neutropenic hematologic patients with cancer in an epidemiologic setting characterized by a high rate of MDR microorganisms.332 In a prospective, observational study of adults with extensively drug-resistant A. baumannii bacteremia, increased 14-day mortality was observed with the combination of colistin-tigecycline compared with a colistin-carbapenem regimen. The excess mortality may have been restricted to the subgroup with higher tigecycline MICs (>2 \uc0\u956 g/mL).333 In a systematic review and meta-analysis, tigecycline, particularly when given in high-doses and in combination with other agents, was found to have similar efficacy to other antibiotics for treating carbapenem-resistant gram-negative bacterial infections.334\
\
Clinical trials that have looked at use of tigecycline for urinary tract infections were abandoned at precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 In a retrospective cohort study of carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae bacteriuria, tigecycline, polymyxin B, and an aminoglycoside were compared. The microbiologic clearance rate was 88% in the aminoglycoside cohort (n = 41), 64% in the polymyxin B cohort (n = 25), 43% in the tigecycline cohort (n = 21), and 36% in an untreated cohort.335 Success with tigecycline for treating MDR K. pneumoniae and A. baumannii urinary tract infection or urosepsis has been reported with use of higher than approved doses of tigecycline, with initial doses between 200 and 400 mg and subsequent maintenance doses of 100 to 200 mg every 24 hours.275\
\
Interest in using tigecycline for CDIs has arisen owing to its in\'a0vitro activity and high stool concentrations. Currently, no randomized controlled trials have evaluated tigecycline for the treatment of CDI. There have been multiple case reports of use of tigecycline (alone or in combination with other CDI therapies) for the treatment of CDI, with most having a successful outcome.336-338 In a retrospective case-control study of severe CDI, 18 patients who received tigecycline (along with other CDI therapies) were compared with 26 similarly ill patients who did not receive tigecycline. There was no difference with regard to CDI survival, rates of colectomy, or relapse rates.339 In a propensity-matched cohort study of 28 cases of CDI treated with tigecycline compared with 140 cases without tigecycline, 30-day mortality was not statistically different.340\
\
Limited data exist regarding use of tigecycline for bone and joint infections. In the previously mentioned phase III study in diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, clinical cure rates in the substudy were low (<36%) for a subset of tigecycline-treated patients with osteomyelitis.317 Other small cases series have reported varying degrees of success using tigecycline for osteomyelitis.341,342Page 343\
\
Treatment of infections with RGM can be difficult. The safety and efficacy of a tigecycline-containing regimen for salvage treatment of 52 patients with M. abscessus and M. chelonae was performed. Included patients had both lung and extrapulmonary infections. Tigecycline given for at least 1 month as part of a multidrug regimen resulted in improvement in over 60% of patients, including those with underlying cystic fibrosis, despite failure of prior antibiotic therapy. AEs were reported in over 90% of cases, the most common being nausea and vomiting.343\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Tigecycline remains active against bacteria that contain efflux-mediated resistance to tetracyclines. This is likely a result of the efflux pump\'92s ineffectiveness in transporting tigecycline out of the cell, or from the inability of tigecycline to induce efflux proteins.344,345 There is also currently no evidence of gene mutations coding for RPPs for the tet family (tet(M), tet(O), tet(S)) for reduced susceptibility to tigecycline.\
\
The most common intrinsic tigecycline resistance observed in Proteus mirabilis and Morganella morganii is drug recognition and upregulation by the AcrAB efflux pump.346,347 Overexpression of this pump is also associated with the development of resistance to other gram-negative bacteria. P. aeruginosa is intrinsically resistant to tigecycline as a result of the MexXY-OprM multidrug efflux pump.348 A novel plasmid-mediated multidrug-resistant RND family efflux pump, TMexCD1-TOprJ1, has been identified in carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae and other gram-negative bacilli including Pseudomonas spp. in China.349\
\
The overexpression of MepA, a novel MATE family efflux pump, may contribute to decreased activity of tigecycline against S. aureus.350\
\
Adverse Reactions\
Gastrointestinal Side Effects\
\
As with older tetracyclines, the most commonly reported adverse reactions to tigecycline are gastrointestinal in nature. As seen in multiple phase III clinical trials, nausea (26%) and vomiting (18%) were the most reported side effects.256,257,268,313,351 The majority of these symptoms (95%) were mild to moderate and occurred after 1 to 2 days of therapy. The side effects are dose related; 100 mg was the highest dose tolerated in fasting healthy participants, and 200 mg was the highest dose tolerated with food.272 However, the risk of side effects was found to be similar in a review of 134 patients given standard or high-dose regimens for VAP.352 Less reported side effects are anorexia, dry mouth, dysgeusia, and loose stool.296\
\
Hepatotoxicity and Pancreatitis\
Transient elevations in transaminases and alkaline phosphatase levels have been seen.353 In phase III clinical trials, the incidence of increased liver function test results was significantly lower with tigecycline than with comparator drugs.256,258 However, in a recent retrospective review of 397 patients treated with at least 7 days of tigecycline, the prevalence of drug-induced liver injury (DILI) was 10.3%.354 Independent risk factors for DILI were abnormal baseline alanine aminotransferase levels, intensive care unit admission, and treatment length. Case reports of mild tigecycline-induced acute pancreatitis have also been reported.355\
\
Other Side Effects\
Other side effects reported from clinical trials that have an incidence between 2% and 7% include (in descending order) infection, headache, anemia, hypoproteinemia, asthenia, phlebitis, elevated blood urea nitrogen (BUN), abnormal healing, dizziness, skin rash, pneumonia, and abscess formation.268\
\
Increased Mortality\
In 2010 the FDA issued a warning of an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections on the basis of pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In those studies, death occurred in 4% (150/3788) of patients receiving tigecycline and 3% (110/3646) of patients receiving comparator drugs. Based on a random effects model by trial weight, an adjusted risk difference of all-cause mortality was 0.6% (95% confidence interval, 0.1\'961.2) between tigecycline- and comparator-treated patients. Deaths were generally the result of worsening infection, complications of infections, or underlying comorbidities. Among indications, the mortality difference was not statistically significant. However, mortality in tigecycline-treated patients was numerically greater in every infection and considerably greater in VAP (19.1% vs. 12.3%). Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the HAP trial, particularly those with VAP with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable. After the 2010 warning was issued, data were analyzed from 10 clinical trials conducted only for FDA-approved uses (cSSSI, cIAI, CABP), including trials conducted after the drug was approved. This analysis showed a higher risk of death among patients receiving tigecycline compared with other antibacterial drugs: 2.5% (66/2640) versus 1.8% (48/2628), respectively. The adjusted risk difference for death was 0.6% with corresponding 95% confidence interval (0.0\'961.2).261\
\
Several meta-analyses prompted the FDA to look into the efficacy and safety of tigecycline. Depending on what clinical trials (published and unpublished) were included, results varied.356-358\
\
Drug Interactions\
In\'a0vitro studies in human liver microsomes have indicated that tigecycline is not a substrate, inhibitor, or inducer of common cytochrome P450 enzymes; therefore such pharmacokinetic drug interactions are unlikely.359 However, concomitant administration of tigecycline and warfarin in healthy participants resulted in a decrease in clearance of R-warfarin and S-warfarin by 40% and 23%, an increase in Cmax by 38% and 43%, and an increase in AUC by 68% and 29%, respectively.268 No significant effects of tigecycline on digoxin pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics were noted in a study of 20 healthy men.360\
\
Eravacycline and Omadacycline\
Two new tetracycline derivatives were approved by the FDA in late 2018. Eravacycline is a fluorocycline antibiotic and is FDA approved for cIAIs in adults.361 Omadacycline is an aminomethylcycline and is FDA approved for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP.362 Both drugs carry the same package insert label, which is to recommend that these two drugs should be used only to treat or prevent infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. This precaution is to reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of eravacycline and omadacycline and other antibacterial drugs.363 Eravacycline also has a label precaution that it is not indicated for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTIs). Omadacycline has an additional label precaution about the mortality imbalance in patients with CABP. In the CABP trial, a mortality rate of 2.1% was observed in omadacycline-treated patients compared with 0.8% in moxifloxacin-treated patients (P = .14).362 The cause of the mortality imbalance has not been established. Providers should closely monitor clinical response to therapy in CABP patients, particularly in those at higher risk for mortality.\
\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Eravacycline is a synthetic fluorocycline that is similar in structure to tigecycline but with two important tetracycline core modifications (see Fig 25.1). The dimethylamine moiety at C-7 is replaced by a fluorine atom and the 2-tertiary-butyl glycylamido moiety at C-9 is replaced by a pyrrolidinoacetamido group.364 Omadacycline is a semisynthetic aminomethylcycline that is also similar in structure to tigecycline but with an alkylaminomethyl group replacing the glycylamido group at the C-9 position (see Fig 25.1).365 Similar to other tetracyclines, eravacycline and omadacycline inhibit bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit.\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Eravacycline recommended dosing is 1 mg/kg by IV infusion over 60 minutes every 12 hours. No dose adjustment is required in patients Page 344with renal impairment. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child Pugh C), the dose should be reduced starting on day 2 to 1 mg/kg every 24 hours. With concomitant use of a strong CYP3A inducer, the dose should be increased to 1.5 mg/kg every 12 hours.361 Eravacycline dosed by actual body weight in obese patients (body mass index \uc0\u8805  30 kg/m2) has been shown to have therapeutic utility with an acceptable safety profile.366\
\
Omadacycline recommended dosing for ABSSSI and CABP is 200 mg by IV infusion over 60 minutes on day 1 (given once or divided into two 100-mg doses), followed by 100 mg IV daily or 300 mg orally daily. For ABSSSI treatment, loading doses can be done with 450 mg orally once daily on days 1 and 2, followed by 300 mg orally daily. No dose adjustment is recommended in patients with renal or hepatic impairment.362\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Based on a study of healthy males, the oral bioavailability of eravacycline is estimated to be 28% (range, 26%\'9632%) with a median time to maximum plasma concentration (tmax) value of 2 to 2.5 hours and maximum plasma concentration (Cmax) of 0.23 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 200-mg dose.367 The half-life after a single dose and multiple doses is 22 and 34 hours, respectively.364 However, development of an oral dose formulation for oral eravacycline has been discontinued.\
\
Omadacycline has an estimated bioavailability of 34.5% with a Cmax of 0.31 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 300-mg dose.368 The half-life is approximately 17.6 \'b1 1.45 hours.369\
\
Drug Distribution\
Eravacycline has a volume of distribution at steady state (Vss) of 3.3 to 4.2 L/kg and is 79% to 90% protein-bound.364 In a phase 1 study of healthy volunteers, the mean Cmax of eravacycline dosed 1 mg/kg every 12 hours for 7 doses was 1.29 \'b1 0.4 mg/L.370 The total AUC0-12h in plasma was 4.56 \'b1 0.94 mg\'b7h/L with an estimated free AUC0-12h value of 0.77 \'b1 0.14 mg\'b7h/L. The AUC0-12h in epithelial lining fluid (ELF) and alveolar macrophages was 4.93 mg\'b7h/L and 39.53 mg\'b7h/L, respectively, with an estimated penetration ratio to free plasma of 6.44 and 51.63.\
\
The Vss of omadacycline in healthy human subjects is 190 to 204 L.371,372 After the administration of 100 mg IV omadacycline, the Cmax is 1.92 to 2.12 mg/L.371,372 The protein binding in human plasma is 21.3%, which is lower than other tetracyclines.373 Omadacycline has good intrapulmonary penetration. The AUC24h values in ELF and alveolar cells in healthy human subjects were 17.2 mg\'b7h/L and 302.5 mg\'b7h/L, giving the AUC24h ratios relative to the free AUC24h in plasma of 1.47 and 25.8, respectively.371 These intrapulmonary concentrations were higher than healthy subjects treated with tigecycline.\
\
Drug Elimination\
After a single 60-mg IV dose of radiolabeled eravacycline, 47.8% of the dose was recovered in feces while renal excretion accounted for about 34% of the dose.374\
\
Elimination of omadacycline after a single 300-mg dose was found to be primarily fecal (81.1%) and less urinary excretion (14.4%).369\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Both eravacycline and omadacycline have very broad in\'a0vitro activity against gram-positive, gram-negative, and anaerobic organisms, including multidrug-resistant organisms. Eravacycline is two- to fourfold more active than tigecycline against most aerobic gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, whereas omadacycline generally has comparable MIC values to tigecycline but lower MIC values than tetracycline.364,365 For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.5.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Eravacycline retains potent activity against staphylococci, enterococci, and streptococci regardless of concurrent resistance phenotypes.375-377 For S. aureus, eravacycline activity is independent of methicillin resistance, macrolide resistance, fluoroquinolone resistance, daptomycin nonsusceptibility, linezolid resistance, or the expression of Panton-Valentine leucocidin.375 Similarly, eravacycline remains highly active against both E. faecalis and E. faecium\
Newer Tetracycline Derivatives\
Tigecycline\
\
Glycylcyclines are a novel class of antibacterial drugs that have been developed to combat the emergence of antibiotic-resistant organisms, including those resistant to conventional tetracyclines. Tigecycline is the first member of the class to be approved by the FDA in 2005. Page 339It was originally approved for the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections (cSSSIs) and cIAIs based on noninferiority studies.256,257 In 2009, tigecycline was approved for the treatment of CABP based on comparable cure rates in patients treated with levofloxacin.258,259 Tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic and is active in\'a0vitro against a broad range of antibiotic-resistant aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The FDA issued a warning regarding an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections based on the pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable.261 In general, the deaths appear related to worsening or complications of the infection or underlying comorbidities. Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP) trial, particularly those with ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
TABLE 25.3\
\
Significant Food-Drug and Drug-Drug Interactions With Tetracyclines\
Interacting Agent	Effect	Comments\
Food	Tetracycline	\
Food may reduce absorption by 50%	Bioavailability is 60%\'9680% when taken on an empty stomach\
Doxycycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Minocycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Divalent or trivalent cations: aluminum, calcium, magnesium, iron, zinc	Significant reduction of all tetracycline absorption	Should not be administered concurrently with foods or drugs containing divalent or trivalent cations (i.e., antacids, sucralfate, didanosine, multivitamins)\
Kaolin and pectin	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	\
Bismuth subsalicylate	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	Separate administration of tetracycline from divalent or trivalent cations by 2hours\
Sodium bicarbonate	May decrease absorption of tetracycline	\
Cimetidine	Decreased tetracycline absorption	Effect not clinically significant\
Carbamazepine, phenytoin, barbiturates	Decreased half-life of doxycycline	Increases hepatic metabolism\
Chronic ethanol ingestion	Decreased half-life of doxycycline but not tetracycline	Possible mechanism: induction of hepatic microsomal enzymes\
Methoxyflurane or fluorinated anesthetic	Nephrotoxicity when administered with tetracycline agents	\
Diuretics	Increased blood urea nitrogen	Volume depletion may increase the nephrotoxic effects of tetracycline by unknown mechanisms\
Oral anticoagulants	Increased risk of bleeding	Tetracyclines may impair utilization of prothrombin and may decrease vitamin K production by intestinal bacteria; tigecycline decreases warfarin clearance, although a study found no effect in healthy volunteers\
Oral contraceptives	Reduced levels when administered with tetracyclines	\
Women should use an additional (mechanical) form of birth control\
Possible mechanism: reduction in bacterial hydrolysis of conjugated estrogen in the intestine\
Antiinfectives	May reduce antimicrobial activity of aminoglycosides and penicillins	\
Rare reports of in\'a0vitro antagonism\
Some clinicians recommend that the drugs not be used concomitantly\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Tigecycline is a semisynthetic derivative of minocycline. It has an N-alkyl-glycylamido moiety attached to the 9-position of minocycline.263 (See Fig. 25.1 for molecular structure.) The design is based on the premise that a peptide substituent would enhance ribosomal permeation and binding. The 9-glycyl substitution results in steric hindrance that enables tigecycline to overcome the two major types of tetracycline resistance: tetracycline-specific efflux pumps and ribosomal protection.264\
\
Tigecycline\'92s antibacterial mechanism of action is similar to that of older tetracyclines. It works by inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis by binding to bacterial 30S ribosomal subunits, ultimately blocking entry of aminoacyl transfer RNA molecules into the A site of the ribosome. This prevents amino acids from incorporating into elongating peptide chains, thus inhibiting protein synthesis.264,265 Like other tetracyclines, tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic because its interaction with the ribosome is reversible.8 Because glycylcyclines bind five times more strongly to the ribosome than tetracyclines, they are able to overcome the ribosomal protection mechanism of the tetracycline resistome.266,267\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Tigecycline is available only in intravenous formulation owing to its poor oral absorption. The recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by 50 mg every 12 hours. Infusions should be administered over approximately 30 to 60 minutes. According to the package insert, the recommended duration of treatment for cSSSIs or for cIAIs is 5 to 14 days. The recommended duration for treatment of CABP is 7 to 14 days. It has not been studied in children younger than 18.268\
\
In patients with renal impairment, no dose adjustment is necessary. In a pooled pharmacokinetic evaluation of tigecycline in healthy adult volunteers and in those with renal impairment, tigecycline had mostly linear pharmacokinetics across all dose ranges. Tigecycline is also not significantly removed by hemodialysis.269\
\
In patients with mild-to-moderate hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh A and B), no dose adjustment is necessary. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh C), the recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by a reduced maintenance dose of 25 mg every 12 hours. These patients should be treated with caution and monitored closely. In a study looking at various stages of liver dysfunction, patients with moderate liver disease had systemic clearance reduced by 25%, and the half-life was increased by 23%. In patients with severe liver disease, systemic clearance was decreased by 55% and the half-life was increased by 43%.270\
\
There do not appear to be any significant differences in tigecycline pharmacokinetic parameters on the basis of age, sex, or weight. Therefore, no dose adjustment appears necessary.271Page 340\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Tigecycline has limited oral bioavailability, hence it is available only in IV preparations. Food does not significantly alter pharmacokinetics and may reduce the nausea and vomiting seen as a side effect. The half-life of tigecycline ranges from 37 to 67 hours.272\
\
Drug Distribution\
In\'a0vitro plasma protein binding of tigecycline is 71% to 89%, and the volume of distribution is 7 to 10 L/kg, indicating extensive distribution into the tissues.272 In a 100-mg single-dose study of patients undergoing elective surgery or a medical procedure for tissue extraction, various tissue concentrations were measured. The respective mean and median concentration values of tigecycline in serum immediately after the end of a 100-mg infusion were 1.94 and 1.32 mg/L. Subsequent serum concentrations of tigecycline gradually declined to mean values of 0.22, 0.19, 0.11, and 0.07 mg/L at approximately 4, 8, 12, and 24 hours, respectively. Tissue penetration, expressed as the ratio of area under the curve (AUC)0\'9624h in tissue or body fluid to serum, was 537 for bile, 23 for gallbladder, 2.6 for colon, 2.0 for lung, 0.41 for bone, 0.31 for synovial fluid, and 0.11 for CSF.273 In a separate study of subjects without infections undergoing elective orthopedic procedures, multiple doses of tigecycline were shown to result in bone-to-serum ratios of approximately 4.77, showing penetration into bone.274 After standard dosing to 33 healthy volunteers, the tigecycline AUC0\'9612h in alveolar cells was 78-fold higher than the AUC0\'9612h in the serum. In epithelial lining fluid, the AUC0\'9612h was about 32% higher than in the serum.268,273 In the urine, after a 100-mg dose of tigecycline, urinary concentrations were about 0.3 \uc0\u956 g/mL.275 Clinical trials in urinary tract infections were abandoned on precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 Like the earlier-generation tetracyclines, tigecycline displays a time-dependent killing pattern and exhibits a considerable postantibiotic effect.277\
\
Drug Elimination\
The primary route of elimination for tigecycline is biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline and its metabolites. Using radiolabeled carbon-14 (14C)-tigecycline, studies have shown elimination primarily by the liver via biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline in the feces (59%). Glucuronidation and renal excretion of unchanged tigecycline are secondary routes. Thirty-two percent of tigecycline is eliminated in the urine.272,278\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Tigecycline has antibacterial activity against a wide variety of aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.4.Page 341\
\
TABLE 25.4\
\
Overview of the MIC50 and MIC90 Ranges, and the Wild-Type Cutoff Values for Various Species That Are Clinically Relevant for Tigecycline Use\
MIC50 (\uc0\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	Range (\u956 g/mL)	Eucast Wild-Type Cutoff\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'961	0.25\
S. aureus, methicillin-susceptible	0.12	0.12\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'961	0.25\
Staphylococcus epidermidis, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	0.5\
S. epidermidis, methicillin-susceptible	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'962	0.5\
Enterococcus faecalis, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
Enterococcus faecium, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
E. faecium, vancomycin-resistant	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.12		0.25\
Streptococcus pyogenes	0.06	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	0.125\
Streptococcus agalactiae	0.03\'960.06	0.12\'960.25	0.03\'961	0.25\
Streptococcus pneumoniae	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	\u8804 0.06\'961	0.125\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Enterobacterales	0.5	1	0.04\'9616	\'97\
Enterobacter spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.06\'968	\'97\
Enterobacter cloacae	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.5\'9616	2\
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.06\'9616	2\
Escherichia coli	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.03\'964	1\
Haemophilus influenzae	0.12\'960.5	0.25\'961	\uc0\u8804 0.008\'962	1\
Klebsiella spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.5\'968	2 (K. pneumoniae)\
Klebsiella pneumoniae ESBL+	1	2	0.12\'968	\'97\
Moraxella catarrhalis	0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.5	0.125\
Morganella morganii	2	4	1\'968	8\
Proteus spp.	4	4\'968	1\'9616	4/8\
Serratia spp.	1\'962	1\'964	0.5\'9616	4\
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	0.38\'961	1.5\'964	0.25\'968	4\
Pseudomonas aeruginosa	8\'9616	16 to \uc0\u8805 32	0.12\'9664	64\
Acinetobacter spp.	0.5\'963	1\'966	0.03\'968	\'97\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Bacteroides fragilis group	0.5\'961	0.5\'968	0.06\'9632	\'97\
Clostridioides difficile (formerly Clostridium difficile)	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	\'97\
Clostridium perfringens	0.12	1	0.06\'962	\'97\
Fusobacterium spp.	0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.25	\'97\
Peptostreptococcus spp.	0.06	0.06\'960.125	0.06\'960.12	\
ESBL, Extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; EUCAST, European Committee on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
From Nabuurs-Franssen M, Mouton JW. Tigecycline. In: Grayson ML, ed. Kucers\'92 The Use of Antibiotics. 6th ed. CRC Press; 2010:881\'96892.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against many Staphylococcus, Enterococcus, and Streptococcus species, including organisms resistant to many other classes of antibiotics. Among S. aureus, tigecycline has shown potent activity among both MSSA and MRSA strains.279-281 Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against community-associated MRSA strains as seen in a study of 1989 isolates with a susceptibility rate of 98.2%.282 In a European survey of common skin and skin structure pathogens, all MRSA isolates were susceptible to tigecycline.283\'a0Staphylococcus epidermidis has also been shown to be susceptible to tigecycline, including strains that are erythromycin resistant.284\
\
Tigecycline is also highly active against Enterococcus spp., including strains resistant to vancomycin. In a study of 97 vancomycin-resistant isolates, tigecycline was equally active against all VanA, VanB, and VanC phenotypes of glycopeptide resistance of enterococci.285 In the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) program, which took place from 2004 to 2009 and looked at various antimicrobials against Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium, all 2068 isolates of E. faecalis were susceptible to tigecycline in various European countries. Only 2 out of 893 (0.2%) of E. faecium isolates were resistant to tigecycline.286 In a Korean study, 4 out of 2005 (0.2%) of vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) isolates were resistant to tigecycline.287\
\
Streptococci have also been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline, including bloodstream isolates of viridans-group streptococcal species.288 Tigecycline has also shown excellent activity against \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci.289 Tigecycline was two- to fourfold more active than comparator agents against all 435 isolates of S. pneumoniae studied in the global TEST program, including those that were penicillin resistant and penicillin intermediate. Against the penicillin-susceptible S. pneumoniae isolates, tigecycline was less active than \u946 -lactam agents.290 In another study, tigecycline was noted to be bactericidal against 11 of 12 strains of S. pneumoniae.291\
\
Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against L. monocytogenes and coryneform bacteria.292\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Tigecycline has good activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of most strains of Proteus spp., Providencia spp., and Morganella spp.289,293,294 Enterobacterales that have developed resistance to tetracycline are susceptible to tigecycline because it remains stable and largely unaffected by the commonly occurring efflux and ribosomal protection resistance mechanisms. In a large global study, tetracycline-resistant populations demonstrated only modest decreases in potency to tigecycline, which appeared to be species dependent (up to twofold only for E. coli, Salmonella spp., Shigella spp., and Pantoea agglomerans and up to fourfold for Klebsiella spp., Enterobacter spp., and Citrobacter spp.).295 Other resistance mechanisms, such as extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase (ESBL) production, AmpC derepression, carbapenemase production, and resistance phenotypes, such as fluoroquinolone resistance, fluoroquinolone/ampicillin resistance, fluoroquinolone/TMP-SMX resistance, and multidrug resistance, do not have an influence on the MIC value of tigecycline.295-299\
\
Tigecycline has good activity against most lactose-nonfermenting gram-negative bacilli with the notable exception of P. aeruginosa. It remains one of the most active agents against Acinetobacter spp.290,293,300 Although most studies have noted a high level of Acinetobacter spp. susceptibility to tigecycline, one study in Israel noted that of 82 isolates, 66% were resistant, 12% were intermediate, and just 22% were susceptible to tigecycline.301 In the United States, most antimicrobial agents have shown reduced susceptibility to A. baumannii over recent years, including tigecycline.300\'a0S. maltophilia has been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline in\'a0vitro. In a large global survey of 1586 isolates, 95.5% were susceptible to tigecycline, which was second only to TMP-SMX (96%).302\
\
In another global study, 1220 strains of H. influenzae, 495 strains of Moraxella catarrhalis, and 17 strains of N. meningitidis were all susceptible to tigecycline.303\'a0Brucella melitensis is highly susceptible to tigecycline both in\'a0vitro and in blood and bone marrow cultures of adult patients with acute brucellosis.304-306 Tigecycline has reduced activity against B. cepacia.267\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against most gram-positive and gram-negative anaerobes. In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline were tested against 831 isolates of the B. fragilis group representing all of the species within the group. Tigecycline was more active than clindamycin, minocycline, and cefoxitin and less active than imipenem or piperacillin-tazobactam against all isolates of the B. fragilis group.307 In the European TEST program looking at Bacteroides, Prevotella, Anaerococcus, Clostridium, Finegoldia, and Peptostreptococcus spp., the lowest MIC values were noted for meropenem and tigecycline. Of note, tigecycline showed the lowest MIC90 against C. difficile (0.25 mg/L).308\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Tigecycline is highly active against C. pneumoniae, C. trachomatis, M. pneumoniae, and M. hominis.85,309 It is less active against U. urealyticum than tetracycline, with an MIC90 of 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL.309 In a guinea pig model, tigecycline was shown to be as effective as erythromycin against L. pneumophila, but the drug was inactivated by test medium that confounded susceptibility data. Tigecycline prevented death in the study, but treated guinea pigs were noted to have residual bacterial concentrations in the lungs, suggesting that tigecycline may not be the drug of choice for severe legionnaires\'92 disease, and prolonged therapy would be required.310\
\
Mycobacteria and Nocardia\
The rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM) appear to be highly susceptible to tigecycline. In two separate studies, every RGM isolate, mostly consisting of M. fortuitum, M. abscessus, and M. chelonae, was susceptible to tigecycline.97,311 All slowly growing nontuberculous mycobacteria, including M. avium complex, Mycobacterium lentiflavum, M. marinum, and M. kansasii, are resistant to tigecycline.97 The in\'a0vitro activity against M. tuberculosis appears poor.312 Tigecycline has modest activity against Nocardia spp., with an MIC90 of 4 \uc0\u956 g/mL. By comparison, minocycline has an MIC90 of 2 \u956 g/mL.103\
\
Clinical Uses\
Tigecycline is currently FDA approved for three indications: treatment of cSSSIs, cIAIs, and CABP. It is also used off-label for many other disease processes.\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Several clinical studies have compared tigecycline versus a combination of vancomycin and aztreonam for up to 14 days for the treatment of skin and skin structure infections. Similar results have been seen across studies that have shown tigecycline to be noninferior. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, tests of cure were between 73.3% and 84.3% for tigecycline and between 66.6% and 86.9% for the vancomycin-aztreonam group. Tests of cure for the clinically evaluable populations were 78.6% to 89.8% and 75.8% to 95%, respectively. Increased nausea and vomiting was consistently seen in the tigecycline group, whereas rash and elevated transaminases were consistently seen in the vancomycin-aztreonam group.256,313-316 In the largest study, no differences were noted in clinical cure rates in patients who were bacteremic (86% vs. 87.5%). Tigecycline had equal efficacy in patients with monomicrobial and polymicrobial infections.256\
\
In a phase III, randomized, double-blind trial conducted in subjects with diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, a 150-mg once-daily regimen of tigecycline did not meet criteria for noninferiority compared with ertapenem with or without vancomycin.317\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Tigecycline is an attractive option to treat cIAIs because its broad spectrum of activity is favorable against a potentially polymicrobial infection. In two large studies of cIAIs, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for 5 to 14 days of treatment. Complicated appendicitis was the most common infection, followed by complicated cholecystitis. The most common organisms were E. coli, Streptococcus anginosus group, and B. fragilis. Acute Physiology and Chronic Page 342Health Evaluation (APACHE) II scores were similar, and less than 4% of patients had scores over 15. Clinical cure rates were 86.1% for tigecycline and 86.2% for imipenem-cilastatin, meeting noninferiority criteria. There was no difference in cure rates between the two therapies for monomicrobial versus polymicrobial infections. Clinical cure rates for bacteremia were also similar (82% vs. 80%, respectively). Nausea and vomiting were more frequent in the tigecycline group.257,318\
\
Two other studies have compared tigecycline with a combination of ceftriaxone plus metronidazole for cIAIs. Clinical cure rates were between 70.4% and 81.8% in the tigecycline group and 74.3% and 79.4% in the ceftriaxone-metronidazole group, again displaying noninferiority.319,320\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Tigecycline has been approved for the treatment of CABP. It has been compared with levofloxacin in multiple studies with treatment durations between 7 and 14 days and Fine Pneumonia Severity Index scores typically from II to IV. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, test-of-cure results were between 78.7% and 84.4% for tigecycline and between 77.8% and 82.1% for the levofloxacin group. Test-of-cure results for the clinically evaluable populations were 88.9% and 90.6% and 85.3% and 87.2%, respectively. All trials met noninferiority criteria for tigecycline. As with other clinical trials, more patients tended to have nausea and vomiting in the tigecycline groups.258,259,321,322\
\
Tigecycline has also been looked at for treating VAP and HAP. In a retrospective review of 117 patients with VAP treated with tigecycline, 74 (63%) were determined by the physician to have clinical success. About half of the patients had a microbiologic diagnosis, and of those the most common organisms were Acinetobacter spp. (69%) and MRSA (22%). Eighty-four percent of the cases with Acinetobacter spp. were carbapenem resistant. Global mortality proportion was 33%.323 In a phase III randomized controlled trial involving 945 patients, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for the treatment of HAP. Cure rates were 67.9% for tigecycline and 78.2% for imipenem-cilastatin in the clinically evaluable group and 62.7% and 67.6% in the clinical modified intention-to-treat group, respectively. A statistical interaction occurred between VAP and non-VAP subgroups, with significantly lower cure rates in tigecycline-treated VAP patients compared with imipenem; in non-VAP patients, tigecycline was noninferior to imipenem. Overall mortality did not differ between the tigecycline (14.1%) and imipenem-cilastatin regimens (12.2%), although more deaths occurred in VAP patients treated with tigecycline than imipenem-cilastin.324 In a subsequent phase II study, the safety and efficacy of two higher doses of tigecycline (150 mg followed by 75 mg every 12 hours or 200 mg followed by 100 mg every 12 hours) were compared with imipenem-cilastatin in participants with HAP. In the clinically evaluable population, the rate of clinical cure with tigecycline 100 mg (17/20, 85.0%) was numerically higher than with tigecycline 75 mg (16/23, 69.6%) and imipenem-cilastatin (18/24, 75.0%). No new safety signals with the high-dose tigecycline were identified.325\
\
Other Uses\
Tigecycline is also used for many off-label indications. In an early-use registry of 113 patients, 22% received tigecycline for approved indications and 78% for off-label indications (56% with scientific support and 22% with limited or no scientific support).326\
\
Although there are no randomized prospective trials looking at the use of tigecycline for bacteremia, secondary bacteremia in prior clinical trials has been analyzed. Pooled data from subjects enrolled for treatment of cSSSI, cIAI, or CAP presenting with bacteremia from seven double-blind and one open-label trial of tigecycline compared with vancomycin-aztreonam, imipenem-cilastatin, levofloxacin, vancomycin, or linezolid were analyzed. A total of 170 subjects were identified, and clinical cure rates were 81.3% and 78.5% for tigecycline and the comparator. Nine patients treated with tigecycline were noted to have persistent bacteremia, as compared with one in the comparator group.327 Tigecycline, in a solution with N-acetylcysteine and heparin, was evaluated as a catheter-lock solution for catheter salvage in patients with hemodialysis catheter-associated bacteremia. Eighteen case patients received the catheter-lock solution for 14 days plus systemic antibiotic therapy. Treatment was successful for 15 (83%) of the 18 case patients within 90 days of follow-up.328\
\
In critically ill patients who have developed bacterial infections with multidrug resistance, tigecycline remains an attractive option owing to its ability to maintain in\'a0vitro activity. A phase III, open-label, noncomparator study evaluated tigecycline in patients with selected serious infections caused by resistant gram-negative bacteria, patients with treatment failures who had received prior antimicrobial therapy, or patients unable to tolerate other appropriate antimicrobials. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, CAP, HAP, VAP, and bacteremia (including catheter-associated bacteremia). Clinical cure rate was 72.2%, and the microbiologic eradication rate was 66.7%.329 Another phase III study compared the safety and efficacy of tigecycline with vancomycin or linezolid in hospitalized patients with MRSA or VRE infections. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, pneumonia, and bacteremia. For MRSA infection, clinical cure rates in the microbiologically evaluable population (n = 117) were 81.4% (70/86 patients) with tigecycline and 83.9% (26/31 patients) with vancomycin. Most infections were cSSSIs. There were only 15 patients enrolled with VRE, and the authors were not able to draw any conclusions.330 In a report of 110 cancer patients who developed serious infections, 64% were noted to have a clinical response when treated with tigecycline (92% were treated in combination with an antipseudomonal agent). Interesting to note, more patients with bacteremia than pneumonia had clinical response (79% vs. 51%). Mortality rates of those with pneumonia were 44%, compared with 16% with bacteremia.331 The combination of piperacillin-tazobactam and tigecycline was found to be more effective than piperacillin-tazobactam alone in febrile, neutropenic hematologic patients with cancer in an epidemiologic setting characterized by a high rate of MDR microorganisms.332 In a prospective, observational study of adults with extensively drug-resistant A. baumannii bacteremia, increased 14-day mortality was observed with the combination of colistin-tigecycline compared with a colistin-carbapenem regimen. The excess mortality may have been restricted to the subgroup with higher tigecycline MICs (>2 \uc0\u956 g/mL).333 In a systematic review and meta-analysis, tigecycline, particularly when given in high-doses and in combination with other agents, was found to have similar efficacy to other antibiotics for treating carbapenem-resistant gram-negative bacterial infections.334\
\
Clinical trials that have looked at use of tigecycline for urinary tract infections were abandoned at precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 In a retrospective cohort study of carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae bacteriuria, tigecycline, polymyxin B, and an aminoglycoside were compared. The microbiologic clearance rate was 88% in the aminoglycoside cohort (n = 41), 64% in the polymyxin B cohort (n = 25), 43% in the tigecycline cohort (n = 21), and 36% in an untreated cohort.335 Success with tigecycline for treating MDR K. pneumoniae and A. baumannii urinary tract infection or urosepsis has been reported with use of higher than approved doses of tigecycline, with initial doses between 200 and 400 mg and subsequent maintenance doses of 100 to 200 mg every 24 hours.275\
\
Interest in using tigecycline for CDIs has arisen owing to its in\'a0vitro activity and high stool concentrations. Currently, no randomized controlled trials have evaluated tigecycline for the treatment of CDI. There have been multiple case reports of use of tigecycline (alone or in combination with other CDI therapies) for the treatment of CDI, with most having a successful outcome.336-338 In a retrospective case-control study of severe CDI, 18 patients who received tigecycline (along with other CDI therapies) were compared with 26 similarly ill patients who did not receive tigecycline. There was no difference with regard to CDI survival, rates of colectomy, or relapse rates.339 In a propensity-matched cohort study of 28 cases of CDI treated with tigecycline compared with 140 cases without tigecycline, 30-day mortality was not statistically different.340\
\
Limited data exist regarding use of tigecycline for bone and joint infections. In the previously mentioned phase III study in diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, clinical cure rates in the substudy were low (<36%) for a subset of tigecycline-treated patients with osteomyelitis.317 Other small cases series have reported varying degrees of success using tigecycline for osteomyelitis.341,342Page 343\
\
Treatment of infections with RGM can be difficult. The safety and efficacy of a tigecycline-containing regimen for salvage treatment of 52 patients with M. abscessus and M. chelonae was performed. Included patients had both lung and extrapulmonary infections. Tigecycline given for at least 1 month as part of a multidrug regimen resulted in improvement in over 60% of patients, including those with underlying cystic fibrosis, despite failure of prior antibiotic therapy. AEs were reported in over 90% of cases, the most common being nausea and vomiting.343\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Tigecycline remains active against bacteria that contain efflux-mediated resistance to tetracyclines. This is likely a result of the efflux pump\'92s ineffectiveness in transporting tigecycline out of the cell, or from the inability of tigecycline to induce efflux proteins.344,345 There is also currently no evidence of gene mutations coding for RPPs for the tet family (tet(M), tet(O), tet(S)) for reduced susceptibility to tigecycline.\
\
The most common intrinsic tigecycline resistance observed in Proteus mirabilis and Morganella morganii is drug recognition and upregulation by the AcrAB efflux pump.346,347 Overexpression of this pump is also associated with the development of resistance to other gram-negative bacteria. P. aeruginosa is intrinsically resistant to tigecycline as a result of the MexXY-OprM multidrug efflux pump.348 A novel plasmid-mediated multidrug-resistant RND family efflux pump, TMexCD1-TOprJ1, has been identified in carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae and other gram-negative bacilli including Pseudomonas spp. in China.349\
\
The overexpression of MepA, a novel MATE family efflux pump, may contribute to decreased activity of tigecycline against S. aureus.350\
\
Adverse Reactions\
Gastrointestinal Side Effects\
\
As with older tetracyclines, the most commonly reported adverse reactions to tigecycline are gastrointestinal in nature. As seen in multiple phase III clinical trials, nausea (26%) and vomiting (18%) were the most reported side effects.256,257,268,313,351 The majority of these symptoms (95%) were mild to moderate and occurred after 1 to 2 days of therapy. The side effects are dose related; 100 mg was the highest dose tolerated in fasting healthy participants, and 200 mg was the highest dose tolerated with food.272 However, the risk of side effects was found to be similar in a review of 134 patients given standard or high-dose regimens for VAP.352 Less reported side effects are anorexia, dry mouth, dysgeusia, and loose stool.296\
\
Hepatotoxicity and Pancreatitis\
Transient elevations in transaminases and alkaline phosphatase levels have been seen.353 In phase III clinical trials, the incidence of increased liver function test results was significantly lower with tigecycline than with comparator drugs.256,258 However, in a recent retrospective review of 397 patients treated with at least 7 days of tigecycline, the prevalence of drug-induced liver injury (DILI) was 10.3%.354 Independent risk factors for DILI were abnormal baseline alanine aminotransferase levels, intensive care unit admission, and treatment length. Case reports of mild tigecycline-induced acute pancreatitis have also been reported.355\
\
Other Side Effects\
Other side effects reported from clinical trials that have an incidence between 2% and 7% include (in descending order) infection, headache, anemia, hypoproteinemia, asthenia, phlebitis, elevated blood urea nitrogen (BUN), abnormal healing, dizziness, skin rash, pneumonia, and abscess formation.268\
\
Increased Mortality\
In 2010 the FDA issued a warning of an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections on the basis of pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In those studies, death occurred in 4% (150/3788) of patients receiving tigecycline and 3% (110/3646) of patients receiving comparator drugs. Based on a random effects model by trial weight, an adjusted risk difference of all-cause mortality was 0.6% (95% confidence interval, 0.1\'961.2) between tigecycline- and comparator-treated patients. Deaths were generally the result of worsening infection, complications of infections, or underlying comorbidities. Among indications, the mortality difference was not statistically significant. However, mortality in tigecycline-treated patients was numerically greater in every infection and considerably greater in VAP (19.1% vs. 12.3%). Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the HAP trial, particularly those with VAP with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable. After the 2010 warning was issued, data were analyzed from 10 clinical trials conducted only for FDA-approved uses (cSSSI, cIAI, CABP), including trials conducted after the drug was approved. This analysis showed a higher risk of death among patients receiving tigecycline compared with other antibacterial drugs: 2.5% (66/2640) versus 1.8% (48/2628), respectively. The adjusted risk difference for death was 0.6% with corresponding 95% confidence interval (0.0\'961.2).261\
\
Several meta-analyses prompted the FDA to look into the efficacy and safety of tigecycline. Depending on what clinical trials (published and unpublished) were included, results varied.356-358\
\
Drug Interactions\
In\'a0vitro studies in human liver microsomes have indicated that tigecycline is not a substrate, inhibitor, or inducer of common cytochrome P450 enzymes; therefore such pharmacokinetic drug interactions are unlikely.359 However, concomitant administration of tigecycline and warfarin in healthy participants resulted in a decrease in clearance of R-warfarin and S-warfarin by 40% and 23%, an increase in Cmax by 38% and 43%, and an increase in AUC by 68% and 29%, respectively.268 No significant effects of tigecycline on digoxin pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics were noted in a study of 20 healthy men.360\
\
Eravacycline and Omadacycline\
Two new tetracycline derivatives were approved by the FDA in late 2018. Eravacycline is a fluorocycline antibiotic and is FDA approved for cIAIs in adults.361 Omadacycline is an aminomethylcycline and is FDA approved for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP.362 Both drugs carry the same package insert label, which is to recommend that these two drugs should be used only to treat or prevent infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. This precaution is to reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of eravacycline and omadacycline and other antibacterial drugs.363 Eravacycline also has a label precaution that it is not indicated for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTIs). Omadacycline has an additional label precaution about the mortality imbalance in patients with CABP. In the CABP trial, a mortality rate of 2.1% was observed in omadacycline-treated patients compared with 0.8% in moxifloxacin-treated patients (P = .14).362 The cause of the mortality imbalance has not been established. Providers should closely monitor clinical response to therapy in CABP patients, particularly in those at higher risk for mortality.\
\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Eravacycline is a synthetic fluorocycline that is similar in structure to tigecycline but with two important tetracycline core modifications (see Fig 25.1). The dimethylamine moiety at C-7 is replaced by a fluorine atom and the 2-tertiary-butyl glycylamido moiety at C-9 is replaced by a pyrrolidinoacetamido group.364 Omadacycline is a semisynthetic aminomethylcycline that is also similar in structure to tigecycline but with an alkylaminomethyl group replacing the glycylamido group at the C-9 position (see Fig 25.1).365 Similar to other tetracyclines, eravacycline and omadacycline inhibit bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit.\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Eravacycline recommended dosing is 1 mg/kg by IV infusion over 60 minutes every 12 hours. No dose adjustment is required in patients Page 344with renal impairment. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child Pugh C), the dose should be reduced starting on day 2 to 1 mg/kg every 24 hours. With concomitant use of a strong CYP3A inducer, the dose should be increased to 1.5 mg/kg every 12 hours.361 Eravacycline dosed by actual body weight in obese patients (body mass index \uc0\u8805  30 kg/m2) has been shown to have therapeutic utility with an acceptable safety profile.366\
\
Omadacycline recommended dosing for ABSSSI and CABP is 200 mg by IV infusion over 60 minutes on day 1 (given once or divided into two 100-mg doses), followed by 100 mg IV daily or 300 mg orally daily. For ABSSSI treatment, loading doses can be done with 450 mg orally once daily on days 1 and 2, followed by 300 mg orally daily. No dose adjustment is recommended in patients with renal or hepatic impairment.362\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Based on a study of healthy males, the oral bioavailability of eravacycline is estimated to be 28% (range, 26%\'9632%) with a median time to maximum plasma concentration (tmax) value of 2 to 2.5 hours and maximum plasma concentration (Cmax) of 0.23 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 200-mg dose.367 The half-life after a single dose and multiple doses is 22 and 34 hours, respectively.364 However, development of an oral dose formulation for oral eravacycline has been discontinued.\
\
Omadacycline has an estimated bioavailability of 34.5% with a Cmax of 0.31 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 300-mg dose.368 The half-life is approximately 17.6 \'b1 1.45 hours.369\
\
Drug Distribution\
Eravacycline has a volume of distribution at steady state (Vss) of 3.3 to 4.2 L/kg and is 79% to 90% protein-bound.364 In a phase 1 study of healthy volunteers, the mean Cmax of eravacycline dosed 1 mg/kg every 12 hours for 7 doses was 1.29 \'b1 0.4 mg/L.370 The total AUC0-12h in plasma was 4.56 \'b1 0.94 mg\'b7h/L with an estimated free AUC0-12h value of 0.77 \'b1 0.14 mg\'b7h/L. The AUC0-12h in epithelial lining fluid (ELF) and alveolar macrophages was 4.93 mg\'b7h/L and 39.53 mg\'b7h/L, respectively, with an estimated penetration ratio to free plasma of 6.44 and 51.63.\
\
The Vss of omadacycline in healthy human subjects is 190 to 204 L.371,372 After the administration of 100 mg IV omadacycline, the Cmax is 1.92 to 2.12 mg/L.371,372 The protein binding in human plasma is 21.3%, which is lower than other tetracyclines.373 Omadacycline has good intrapulmonary penetration. The AUC24h values in ELF and alveolar cells in healthy human subjects were 17.2 mg\'b7h/L and 302.5 mg\'b7h/L, giving the AUC24h ratios relative to the free AUC24h in plasma of 1.47 and 25.8, respectively.371 These intrapulmonary concentrations were higher than healthy subjects treated with tigecycline.\
\
Drug Elimination\
After a single 60-mg IV dose of radiolabeled eravacycline, 47.8% of the dose was recovered in feces while renal excretion accounted for about 34% of the dose.374\
\
Elimination of omadacycline after a single 300-mg dose was found to be primarily fecal (81.1%) and less urinary excretion (14.4%).369\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Both eravacycline and omadacycline have very broad in\'a0vitro activity against gram-positive, gram-negative, and anaerobic organisms, including multidrug-resistant organisms. Eravacycline is two- to fourfold more active than tigecycline against most aerobic gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, whereas omadacycline generally has comparable MIC values to tigecycline but lower MIC values than tetracycline.364,365 For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.5.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Eravacycline retains potent activity against staphylococci, enterococci, and streptococci regardless of concurrent resistance phenotypes.375-377 For S. aureus, eravacycline activity is independent of methicillin resistance, macrolide resistance, fluoroquinolone resistance, daptomycin nonsusceptibility, linezolid resistance, or the expression of Panton-Valentine leucocidin.375 Similarly, eravacycline remains highly active against both E. faecalis and E. faecium Newer Tetracycline Derivatives\
Tigecycline\
\
Glycylcyclines are a novel class of antibacterial drugs that have been developed to combat the emergence of antibiotic-resistant organisms, including those resistant to conventional tetracyclines. Tigecycline is the first member of the class to be approved by the FDA in 2005. Page 339It was originally approved for the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections (cSSSIs) and cIAIs based on noninferiority studies.256,257 In 2009, tigecycline was approved for the treatment of CABP based on comparable cure rates in patients treated with levofloxacin.258,259 Tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic and is active in\'a0vitro against a broad range of antibiotic-resistant aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The FDA issued a warning regarding an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections based on the pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable.261 In general, the deaths appear related to worsening or complications of the infection or underlying comorbidities. Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP) trial, particularly those with ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
TABLE 25.3\
\
Significant Food-Drug and Drug-Drug Interactions With Tetracyclines\
Interacting Agent	Effect	Comments\
Food	Tetracycline	\
Food may reduce absorption by 50%	Bioavailability is 60%\'9680% when taken on an empty stomach\
Doxycycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Minocycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Divalent or trivalent cations: aluminum, calcium, magnesium, iron, zinc	Significant reduction of all tetracycline absorption	Should not be administered concurrently with foods or drugs containing divalent or trivalent cations (i.e., antacids, sucralfate, didanosine, multivitamins)\
Kaolin and pectin	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	\
Bismuth subsalicylate	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	Separate administration of tetracycline from divalent or trivalent cations by 2hours\
Sodium bicarbonate	May decrease absorption of tetracycline	\
Cimetidine	Decreased tetracycline absorption	Effect not clinically significant\
Carbamazepine, phenytoin, barbiturates	Decreased half-life of doxycycline	Increases hepatic metabolism\
Chronic ethanol ingestion	Decreased half-life of doxycycline but not tetracycline	Possible mechanism: induction of hepatic microsomal enzymes\
Methoxyflurane or fluorinated anesthetic	Nephrotoxicity when administered with tetracycline agents	\
Diuretics	Increased blood urea nitrogen	Volume depletion may increase the nephrotoxic effects of tetracycline by unknown mechanisms\
Oral anticoagulants	Increased risk of bleeding	Tetracyclines may impair utilization of prothrombin and may decrease vitamin K production by intestinal bacteria; tigecycline decreases warfarin clearance, although a study found no effect in healthy volunteers\
Oral contraceptives	Reduced levels when administered with tetracyclines	\
Women should use an additional (mechanical) form of birth control\
Possible mechanism: reduction in bacterial hydrolysis of conjugated estrogen in the intestine\
Antiinfectives	May reduce antimicrobial activity of aminoglycosides and penicillins	\
Rare reports of in\'a0vitro antagonism\
Some clinicians recommend that the drugs not be used concomitantly\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Tigecycline is a semisynthetic derivative of minocycline. It has an N-alkyl-glycylamido moiety attached to the 9-position of minocycline.263 (See Fig. 25.1 for molecular structure.) The design is based on the premise that a peptide substituent would enhance ribosomal permeation and binding. The 9-glycyl substitution results in steric hindrance that enables tigecycline to overcome the two major types of tetracycline resistance: tetracycline-specific efflux pumps and ribosomal protection.264\
\
Tigecycline\'92s antibacterial mechanism of action is similar to that of older tetracyclines. It works by inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis by binding to bacterial 30S ribosomal subunits, ultimately blocking entry of aminoacyl transfer RNA molecules into the A site of the ribosome. This prevents amino acids from incorporating into elongating peptide chains, thus inhibiting protein synthesis.264,265 Like other tetracyclines, tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic because its interaction with the ribosome is reversible.8 Because glycylcyclines bind five times more strongly to the ribosome than tetracyclines, they are able to overcome the ribosomal protection mechanism of the tetracycline resistome.266,267\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Tigecycline is available only in intravenous formulation owing to its poor oral absorption. The recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by 50 mg every 12 hours. Infusions should be administered over approximately 30 to 60 minutes. According to the package insert, the recommended duration of treatment for cSSSIs or for cIAIs is 5 to 14 days. The recommended duration for treatment of CABP is 7 to 14 days. It has not been studied in children younger than 18.268\
\
In patients with renal impairment, no dose adjustment is necessary. In a pooled pharmacokinetic evaluation of tigecycline in healthy adult volunteers and in those with renal impairment, tigecycline had mostly linear pharmacokinetics across all dose ranges. Tigecycline is also not significantly removed by hemodialysis.269\
\
In patients with mild-to-moderate hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh A and B), no dose adjustment is necessary. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh C), the recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by a reduced maintenance dose of 25 mg every 12 hours. These patients should be treated with caution and monitored closely. In a study looking at various stages of liver dysfunction, patients with moderate liver disease had systemic clearance reduced by 25%, and the half-life was increased by 23%. In patients with severe liver disease, systemic clearance was decreased by 55% and the half-life was increased by 43%.270\
\
There do not appear to be any significant differences in tigecycline pharmacokinetic parameters on the basis of age, sex, or weight. Therefore, no dose adjustment appears necessary.271Page 340\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Tigecycline has limited oral bioavailability, hence it is available only in IV preparations. Food does not significantly alter pharmacokinetics and may reduce the nausea and vomiting seen as a side effect. The half-life of tigecycline ranges from 37 to 67 hours.272\
\
Drug Distribution\
In\'a0vitro plasma protein binding of tigecycline is 71% to 89%, and the volume of distribution is 7 to 10 L/kg, indicating extensive distribution into the tissues.272 In a 100-mg single-dose study of patients undergoing elective surgery or a medical procedure for tissue extraction, various tissue concentrations were measured. The respective mean and median concentration values of tigecycline in serum immediately after the end of a 100-mg infusion were 1.94 and 1.32 mg/L. Subsequent serum concentrations of tigecycline gradually declined to mean values of 0.22, 0.19, 0.11, and 0.07 mg/L at approximately 4, 8, 12, and 24 hours, respectively. Tissue penetration, expressed as the ratio of area under the curve (AUC)0\'9624h in tissue or body fluid to serum, was 537 for bile, 23 for gallbladder, 2.6 for colon, 2.0 for lung, 0.41 for bone, 0.31 for synovial fluid, and 0.11 for CSF.273 In a separate study of subjects without infections undergoing elective orthopedic procedures, multiple doses of tigecycline were shown to result in bone-to-serum ratios of approximately 4.77, showing penetration into bone.274 After standard dosing to 33 healthy volunteers, the tigecycline AUC0\'9612h in alveolar cells was 78-fold higher than the AUC0\'9612h in the serum. In epithelial lining fluid, the AUC0\'9612h was about 32% higher than in the serum.268,273 In the urine, after a 100-mg dose of tigecycline, urinary concentrations were about 0.3 \uc0\u956 g/mL.275 Clinical trials in urinary tract infections were abandoned on precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 Like the earlier-generation tetracyclines, tigecycline displays a time-dependent killing pattern and exhibits a considerable postantibiotic effect.277\
\
Drug Elimination\
The primary route of elimination for tigecycline is biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline and its metabolites. Using radiolabeled carbon-14 (14C)-tigecycline, studies have shown elimination primarily by the liver via biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline in the feces (59%). Glucuronidation and renal excretion of unchanged tigecycline are secondary routes. Thirty-two percent of tigecycline is eliminated in the urine.272,278\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Tigecycline has antibacterial activity against a wide variety of aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.4.Page 341\
\
TABLE 25.4\
\
Overview of the MIC50 and MIC90 Ranges, and the Wild-Type Cutoff Values for Various Species That Are Clinically Relevant for Tigecycline Use\
MIC50 (\uc0\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	Range (\u956 g/mL)	Eucast Wild-Type Cutoff\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'961	0.25\
S. aureus, methicillin-susceptible	0.12	0.12\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'961	0.25\
Staphylococcus epidermidis, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	0.5\
S. epidermidis, methicillin-susceptible	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'962	0.5\
Enterococcus faecalis, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
Enterococcus faecium, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
E. faecium, vancomycin-resistant	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.12		0.25\
Streptococcus pyogenes	0.06	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	0.125\
Streptococcus agalactiae	0.03\'960.06	0.12\'960.25	0.03\'961	0.25\
Streptococcus pneumoniae	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	\u8804 0.06\'961	0.125\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Enterobacterales	0.5	1	0.04\'9616	\'97\
Enterobacter spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.06\'968	\'97\
Enterobacter cloacae	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.5\'9616	2\
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.06\'9616	2\
Escherichia coli	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.03\'964	1\
Haemophilus influenzae	0.12\'960.5	0.25\'961	\uc0\u8804 0.008\'962	1\
Klebsiella spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.5\'968	2 (K. pneumoniae)\
Klebsiella pneumoniae ESBL+	1	2	0.12\'968	\'97\
Moraxella catarrhalis	0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.5	0.125\
Morganella morganii	2	4	1\'968	8\
Proteus spp.	4	4\'968	1\'9616	4/8\
Serratia spp.	1\'962	1\'964	0.5\'9616	4\
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	0.38\'961	1.5\'964	0.25\'968	4\
Pseudomonas aeruginosa	8\'9616	16 to \uc0\u8805 32	0.12\'9664	64\
Acinetobacter spp.	0.5\'963	1\'966	0.03\'968	\'97\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Bacteroides fragilis group	0.5\'961	0.5\'968	0.06\'9632	\'97\
Clostridioides difficile (formerly Clostridium difficile)	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	\'97\
Clostridium perfringens	0.12	1	0.06\'962	\'97\
Fusobacterium spp.	0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.25	\'97\
Peptostreptococcus spp.	0.06	0.06\'960.125	0.06\'960.12	\
ESBL, Extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; EUCAST, European Committee on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
From Nabuurs-Franssen M, Mouton JW. Tigecycline. In: Grayson ML, ed. Kucers\'92 The Use of Antibiotics. 6th ed. CRC Press; 2010:881\'96892.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against many Staphylococcus, Enterococcus, and Streptococcus species, including organisms resistant to many other classes of antibiotics. Among S. aureus, tigecycline has shown potent activity among both MSSA and MRSA strains.279-281 Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against community-associated MRSA strains as seen in a study of 1989 isolates with a susceptibility rate of 98.2%.282 In a European survey of common skin and skin structure pathogens, all MRSA isolates were susceptible to tigecycline.283\'a0Staphylococcus epidermidis has also been shown to be susceptible to tigecycline, including strains that are erythromycin resistant.284\
\
Tigecycline is also highly active against Enterococcus spp., including strains resistant to vancomycin. In a study of 97 vancomycin-resistant isolates, tigecycline was equally active against all VanA, VanB, and VanC phenotypes of glycopeptide resistance of enterococci.285 In the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) program, which took place from 2004 to 2009 and looked at various antimicrobials against Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium, all 2068 isolates of E. faecalis were susceptible to tigecycline in various European countries. Only 2 out of 893 (0.2%) of E. faecium isolates were resistant to tigecycline.286 In a Korean study, 4 out of 2005 (0.2%) of vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) isolates were resistant to tigecycline.287\
\
Streptococci have also been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline, including bloodstream isolates of viridans-group streptococcal species.288 Tigecycline has also shown excellent activity against \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci.289 Tigecycline was two- to fourfold more active than comparator agents against all 435 isolates of S. pneumoniae studied in the global TEST program, including those that were penicillin resistant and penicillin intermediate. Against the penicillin-susceptible S. pneumoniae isolates, tigecycline was less active than \u946 -lactam agents.290 In another study, tigecycline was noted to be bactericidal against 11 of 12 strains of S. pneumoniae.291\
\
Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against L. monocytogenes and coryneform bacteria.292\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Tigecycline has good activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of most strains of Proteus spp., Providencia spp., and Morganella spp.289,293,294 Enterobacterales that have developed resistance to tetracycline are susceptible to tigecycline because it remains stable and largely unaffected by the commonly occurring efflux and ribosomal protection resistance mechanisms. In a large global study, tetracycline-resistant populations demonstrated only modest decreases in potency to tigecycline, which appeared to be species dependent (up to twofold only for E. coli, Salmonella spp., Shigella spp., and Pantoea agglomerans and up to fourfold for Klebsiella spp., Enterobacter spp., and Citrobacter spp.).295 Other resistance mechanisms, such as extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase (ESBL) production, AmpC derepression, carbapenemase production, and resistance phenotypes, such as fluoroquinolone resistance, fluoroquinolone/ampicillin resistance, fluoroquinolone/TMP-SMX resistance, and multidrug resistance, do not have an influence on the MIC value of tigecycline.295-299\
\
Tigecycline has good activity against most lactose-nonfermenting gram-negative bacilli with the notable exception of P. aeruginosa. It remains one of the most active agents against Acinetobacter spp.290,293,300 Although most studies have noted a high level of Acinetobacter spp. susceptibility to tigecycline, one study in Israel noted that of 82 isolates, 66% were resistant, 12% were intermediate, and just 22% were susceptible to tigecycline.301 In the United States, most antimicrobial agents have shown reduced susceptibility to A. baumannii over recent years, including tigecycline.300\'a0S. maltophilia has been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline in\'a0vitro. In a large global survey of 1586 isolates, 95.5% were susceptible to tigecycline, which was second only to TMP-SMX (96%).302\
\
In another global study, 1220 strains of H. influenzae, 495 strains of Moraxella catarrhalis, and 17 strains of N. meningitidis were all susceptible to tigecycline.303\'a0Brucella melitensis is highly susceptible to tigecycline both in\'a0vitro and in blood and bone marrow cultures of adult patients with acute brucellosis.304-306 Tigecycline has reduced activity against B. cepacia.267\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against most gram-positive and gram-negative anaerobes. In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline were tested against 831 isolates of the B. fragilis group representing all of the species within the group. Tigecycline was more active than clindamycin, minocycline, and cefoxitin and less active than imipenem or piperacillin-tazobactam against all isolates of the B. fragilis group.307 In the European TEST program looking at Bacteroides, Prevotella, Anaerococcus, Clostridium, Finegoldia, and Peptostreptococcus spp., the lowest MIC values were noted for meropenem and tigecycline. Of note, tigecycline showed the lowest MIC90 against C. difficile (0.25 mg/L).308\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Tigecycline is highly active against C. pneumoniae, C. trachomatis, M. pneumoniae, and M. hominis.85,309 It is less active against U. urealyticum than tetracycline, with an MIC90 of 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL.309 In a guinea pig model, tigecycline was shown to be as effective as erythromycin against L. pneumophila, but the drug was inactivated by test medium that confounded susceptibility data. Tigecycline prevented death in the study, but treated guinea pigs were noted to have residual bacterial concentrations in the lungs, suggesting that tigecycline may not be the drug of choice for severe legionnaires\'92 disease, and prolonged therapy would be required.310\
\
Mycobacteria and Nocardia\
The rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM) appear to be highly susceptible to tigecycline. In two separate studies, every RGM isolate, mostly consisting of M. fortuitum, M. abscessus, and M. chelonae, was susceptible to tigecycline.97,311 All slowly growing nontuberculous mycobacteria, including M. avium complex, Mycobacterium lentiflavum, M. marinum, and M. kansasii, are resistant to tigecycline.97 The in\'a0vitro activity against M. tuberculosis appears poor.312 Tigecycline has modest activity against Nocardia spp., with an MIC90 of 4 \uc0\u956 g/mL. By comparison, minocycline has an MIC90 of 2 \u956 g/mL.103\
\
Clinical Uses\
Tigecycline is currently FDA approved for three indications: treatment of cSSSIs, cIAIs, and CABP. It is also used off-label for many other disease processes.\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Several clinical studies have compared tigecycline versus a combination of vancomycin and aztreonam for up to 14 days for the treatment of skin and skin structure infections. Similar results have been seen across studies that have shown tigecycline to be noninferior. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, tests of cure were between 73.3% and 84.3% for tigecycline and between 66.6% and 86.9% for the vancomycin-aztreonam group. Tests of cure for the clinically evaluable populations were 78.6% to 89.8% and 75.8% to 95%, respectively. Increased nausea and vomiting was consistently seen in the tigecycline group, whereas rash and elevated transaminases were consistently seen in the vancomycin-aztreonam group.256,313-316 In the largest study, no differences were noted in clinical cure rates in patients who were bacteremic (86% vs. 87.5%). Tigecycline had equal efficacy in patients with monomicrobial and polymicrobial infections.256\
\
In a phase III, randomized, double-blind trial conducted in subjects with diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, a 150-mg once-daily regimen of tigecycline did not meet criteria for noninferiority compared with ertapenem with or without vancomycin.317\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Tigecycline is an attractive option to treat cIAIs because its broad spectrum of activity is favorable against a potentially polymicrobial infection. In two large studies of cIAIs, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for 5 to 14 days of treatment. Complicated appendicitis was the most common infection, followed by complicated cholecystitis. The most common organisms were E. coli, Streptococcus anginosus group, and B. fragilis. Acute Physiology and Chronic Page 342Health Evaluation (APACHE) II scores were similar, and less than 4% of patients had scores over 15. Clinical cure rates were 86.1% for tigecycline and 86.2% for imipenem-cilastatin, meeting noninferiority criteria. There was no difference in cure rates between the two therapies for monomicrobial versus polymicrobial infections. Clinical cure rates for bacteremia were also similar (82% vs. 80%, respectively). Nausea and vomiting were more frequent in the tigecycline group.257,318\
\
Two other studies have compared tigecycline with a combination of ceftriaxone plus metronidazole for cIAIs. Clinical cure rates were between 70.4% and 81.8% in the tigecycline group and 74.3% and 79.4% in the ceftriaxone-metronidazole group, again displaying noninferiority.319,320\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Tigecycline has been approved for the treatment of CABP. It has been compared with levofloxacin in multiple studies with treatment durations between 7 and 14 days and Fine Pneumonia Severity Index scores typically from II to IV. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, test-of-cure results were between 78.7% and 84.4% for tigecycline and between 77.8% and 82.1% for the levofloxacin group. Test-of-cure results for the clinically evaluable populations were 88.9% and 90.6% and 85.3% and 87.2%, respectively. All trials met noninferiority criteria for tigecycline. As with other clinical trials, more patients tended to have nausea and vomiting in the tigecycline groups.258,259,321,322\
\
Tigecycline has also been looked at for treating VAP and HAP. In a retrospective review of 117 patients with VAP treated with tigecycline, 74 (63%) were determined by the physician to have clinical success. About half of the patients had a microbiologic diagnosis, and of those the most common organisms were Acinetobacter spp. (69%) and MRSA (22%). Eighty-four percent of the cases with Acinetobacter spp. were carbapenem resistant. Global mortality proportion was 33%.323 In a phase III randomized controlled trial involving 945 patients, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for the treatment of HAP. Cure rates were 67.9% for tigecycline and 78.2% for imipenem-cilastatin in the clinically evaluable group and 62.7% and 67.6% in the clinical modified intention-to-treat group, respectively. A statistical interaction occurred between VAP and non-VAP subgroups, with significantly lower cure rates in tigecycline-treated VAP patients compared with imipenem; in non-VAP patients, tigecycline was noninferior to imipenem. Overall mortality did not differ between the tigecycline (14.1%) and imipenem-cilastatin regimens (12.2%), although more deaths occurred in VAP patients treated with tigecycline than imipenem-cilastin.324 In a subsequent phase II study, the safety and efficacy of two higher doses of tigecycline (150 mg followed by 75 mg every 12 hours or 200 mg followed by 100 mg every 12 hours) were compared with imipenem-cilastatin in participants with HAP. In the clinically evaluable population, the rate of clinical cure with tigecycline 100 mg (17/20, 85.0%) was numerically higher than with tigecycline 75 mg (16/23, 69.6%) and imipenem-cilastatin (18/24, 75.0%). No new safety signals with the high-dose tigecycline were identified.325\
\
Other Uses\
Tigecycline is also used for many off-label indications. In an early-use registry of 113 patients, 22% received tigecycline for approved indications and 78% for off-label indications (56% with scientific support and 22% with limited or no scientific support).326\
\
Although there are no randomized prospective trials looking at the use of tigecycline for bacteremia, secondary bacteremia in prior clinical trials has been analyzed. Pooled data from subjects enrolled for treatment of cSSSI, cIAI, or CAP presenting with bacteremia from seven double-blind and one open-label trial of tigecycline compared with vancomycin-aztreonam, imipenem-cilastatin, levofloxacin, vancomycin, or linezolid were analyzed. A total of 170 subjects were identified, and clinical cure rates were 81.3% and 78.5% for tigecycline and the comparator. Nine patients treated with tigecycline were noted to have persistent bacteremia, as compared with one in the comparator group.327 Tigecycline, in a solution with N-acetylcysteine and heparin, was evaluated as a catheter-lock solution for catheter salvage in patients with hemodialysis catheter-associated bacteremia. Eighteen case patients received the catheter-lock solution for 14 days plus systemic antibiotic therapy. Treatment was successful for 15 (83%) of the 18 case patients within 90 days of follow-up.328\
\
In critically ill patients who have developed bacterial infections with multidrug resistance, tigecycline remains an attractive option owing to its ability to maintain in\'a0vitro activity. A phase III, open-label, noncomparator study evaluated tigecycline in patients with selected serious infections caused by resistant gram-negative bacteria, patients with treatment failures who had received prior antimicrobial therapy, or patients unable to tolerate other appropriate antimicrobials. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, CAP, HAP, VAP, and bacteremia (including catheter-associated bacteremia). Clinical cure rate was 72.2%, and the microbiologic eradication rate was 66.7%.329 Another phase III study compared the safety and efficacy of tigecycline with vancomycin or linezolid in hospitalized patients with MRSA or VRE infections. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, pneumonia, and bacteremia. For MRSA infection, clinical cure rates in the microbiologically evaluable population (n = 117) were 81.4% (70/86 patients) with tigecycline and 83.9% (26/31 patients) with vancomycin. Most infections were cSSSIs. There were only 15 patients enrolled with VRE, and the authors were not able to draw any conclusions.330 In a report of 110 cancer patients who developed serious infections, 64% were noted to have a clinical response when treated with tigecycline (92% were treated in combination with an antipseudomonal agent). Interesting to note, more patients with bacteremia than pneumonia had clinical response (79% vs. 51%). Mortality rates of those with pneumonia were 44%, compared with 16% with bacteremia.331 The combination of piperacillin-tazobactam and tigecycline was found to be more effective than piperacillin-tazobactam alone in febrile, neutropenic hematologic patients with cancer in an epidemiologic setting characterized by a high rate of MDR microorganisms.332 In a prospective, observational study of adults with extensively drug-resistant A. baumannii bacteremia, increased 14-day mortality was observed with the combination of colistin-tigecycline compared with a colistin-carbapenem regimen. The excess mortality may have been restricted to the subgroup with higher tigecycline MICs (>2 \uc0\u956 g/mL).333 In a systematic review and meta-analysis, tigecycline, particularly when given in high-doses and in combination with other agents, was found to have similar efficacy to other antibiotics for treating carbapenem-resistant gram-negative bacterial infections.334\
\
Clinical trials that have looked at use of tigecycline for urinary tract infections were abandoned at precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 In a retrospective cohort study of carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae bacteriuria, tigecycline, polymyxin B, and an aminoglycoside were compared. The microbiologic clearance rate was 88% in the aminoglycoside cohort (n = 41), 64% in the polymyxin B cohort (n = 25), 43% in the tigecycline cohort (n = 21), and 36% in an untreated cohort.335 Success with tigecycline for treating MDR K. pneumoniae and A. baumannii urinary tract infection or urosepsis has been reported with use of higher than approved doses of tigecycline, with initial doses between 200 and 400 mg and subsequent maintenance doses of 100 to 200 mg every 24 hours.275\
\
Interest in using tigecycline for CDIs has arisen owing to its in\'a0vitro activity and high stool concentrations. Currently, no randomized controlled trials have evaluated tigecycline for the treatment of CDI. There have been multiple case reports of use of tigecycline (alone or in combination with other CDI therapies) for the treatment of CDI, with most having a successful outcome.336-338 In a retrospective case-control study of severe CDI, 18 patients who received tigecycline (along with other CDI therapies) were compared with 26 similarly ill patients who did not receive tigecycline. There was no difference with regard to CDI survival, rates of colectomy, or relapse rates.339 In a propensity-matched cohort study of 28 cases of CDI treated with tigecycline compared with 140 cases without tigecycline, 30-day mortality was not statistically different.340\
\
Limited data exist regarding use of tigecycline for bone and joint infections. In the previously mentioned phase III study in diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, clinical cure rates in the substudy were low (<36%) for a subset of tigecycline-treated patients with osteomyelitis.317 Other small cases series have reported varying degrees of success using tigecycline for osteomyelitis.341,342Page 343\
\
Treatment of infections with RGM can be difficult. The safety and efficacy of a tigecycline-containing regimen for salvage treatment of 52 patients with M. abscessus and M. chelonae was performed. Included patients had both lung and extrapulmonary infections. Tigecycline given for at least 1 month as part of a multidrug regimen resulted in improvement in over 60% of patients, including those with underlying cystic fibrosis, despite failure of prior antibiotic therapy. AEs were reported in over 90% of cases, the most common being nausea and vomiting.343\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Tigecycline remains active against bacteria that contain efflux-mediated resistance to tetracyclines. This is likely a result of the efflux pump\'92s ineffectiveness in transporting tigecycline out of the cell, or from the inability of tigecycline to induce efflux proteins.344,345 There is also currently no evidence of gene mutations coding for RPPs for the tet family (tet(M), tet(O), tet(S)) for reduced susceptibility to tigecycline.\
\
The most common intrinsic tigecycline resistance observed in Proteus mirabilis and Morganella morganii is drug recognition and upregulation by the AcrAB efflux pump.346,347 Overexpression of this pump is also associated with the development of resistance to other gram-negative bacteria. P. aeruginosa is intrinsically resistant to tigecycline as a result of the MexXY-OprM multidrug efflux pump.348 A novel plasmid-mediated multidrug-resistant RND family efflux pump, TMexCD1-TOprJ1, has been identified in carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae and other gram-negative bacilli including Pseudomonas spp. in China.349\
\
The overexpression of MepA, a novel MATE family efflux pump, may contribute to decreased activity of tigecycline against S. aureus.350\
\
Adverse Reactions\
Gastrointestinal Side Effects\
\
As with older tetracyclines, the most commonly reported adverse reactions to tigecycline are gastrointestinal in nature. As seen in multiple phase III clinical trials, nausea (26%) and vomiting (18%) were the most reported side effects.256,257,268,313,351 The majority of these symptoms (95%) were mild to moderate and occurred after 1 to 2 days of therapy. The side effects are dose related; 100 mg was the highest dose tolerated in fasting healthy participants, and 200 mg was the highest dose tolerated with food.272 However, the risk of side effects was found to be similar in a review of 134 patients given standard or high-dose regimens for VAP.352 Less reported side effects are anorexia, dry mouth, dysgeusia, and loose stool.296\
\
Hepatotoxicity and Pancreatitis\
Transient elevations in transaminases and alkaline phosphatase levels have been seen.353 In phase III clinical trials, the incidence of increased liver function test results was significantly lower with tigecycline than with comparator drugs.256,258 However, in a recent retrospective review of 397 patients treated with at least 7 days of tigecycline, the prevalence of drug-induced liver injury (DILI) was 10.3%.354 Independent risk factors for DILI were abnormal baseline alanine aminotransferase levels, intensive care unit admission, and treatment length. Case reports of mild tigecycline-induced acute pancreatitis have also been reported.355\
\
Other Side Effects\
Other side effects reported from clinical trials that have an incidence between 2% and 7% include (in descending order) infection, headache, anemia, hypoproteinemia, asthenia, phlebitis, elevated blood urea nitrogen (BUN), abnormal healing, dizziness, skin rash, pneumonia, and abscess formation.268\
\
Increased Mortality\
In 2010 the FDA issued a warning of an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections on the basis of pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In those studies, death occurred in 4% (150/3788) of patients receiving tigecycline and 3% (110/3646) of patients receiving comparator drugs. Based on a random effects model by trial weight, an adjusted risk difference of all-cause mortality was 0.6% (95% confidence interval, 0.1\'961.2) between tigecycline- and comparator-treated patients. Deaths were generally the result of worsening infection, complications of infections, or underlying comorbidities. Among indications, the mortality difference was not statistically significant. However, mortality in tigecycline-treated patients was numerically greater in every infection and considerably greater in VAP (19.1% vs. 12.3%). Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the HAP trial, particularly those with VAP with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable. After the 2010 warning was issued, data were analyzed from 10 clinical trials conducted only for FDA-approved uses (cSSSI, cIAI, CABP), including trials conducted after the drug was approved. This analysis showed a higher risk of death among patients receiving tigecycline compared with other antibacterial drugs: 2.5% (66/2640) versus 1.8% (48/2628), respectively. The adjusted risk difference for death was 0.6% with corresponding 95% confidence interval (0.0\'961.2).261\
\
Several meta-analyses prompted the FDA to look into the efficacy and safety of tigecycline. Depending on what clinical trials (published and unpublished) were included, results varied.356-358\
\
Drug Interactions\
In\'a0vitro studies in human liver microsomes have indicated that tigecycline is not a substrate, inhibitor, or inducer of common cytochrome P450 enzymes; therefore such pharmacokinetic drug interactions are unlikely.359 However, concomitant administration of tigecycline and warfarin in healthy participants resulted in a decrease in clearance of R-warfarin and S-warfarin by 40% and 23%, an increase in Cmax by 38% and 43%, and an increase in AUC by 68% and 29%, respectively.268 No significant effects of tigecycline on digoxin pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics were noted in a study of 20 healthy men.360\
\
Eravacycline and Omadacycline\
Two new tetracycline derivatives were approved by the FDA in late 2018. Eravacycline is a fluorocycline antibiotic and is FDA approved for cIAIs in adults.361 Omadacycline is an aminomethylcycline and is FDA approved for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP.362 Both drugs carry the same package insert label, which is to recommend that these two drugs should be used only to treat or prevent infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. This precaution is to reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of eravacycline and omadacycline and other antibacterial drugs.363 Eravacycline also has a label precaution that it is not indicated for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTIs). Omadacycline has an additional label precaution about the mortality imbalance in patients with CABP. In the CABP trial, a mortality rate of 2.1% was observed in omadacycline-treated patients compared with 0.8% in moxifloxacin-treated patients (P = .14).362 The cause of the mortality imbalance has not been established. Providers should closely monitor clinical response to therapy in CABP patients, particularly in those at higher risk for mortality.\
\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Eravacycline is a synthetic fluorocycline that is similar in structure to tigecycline but with two important tetracycline core modifications (see Fig 25.1). The dimethylamine moiety at C-7 is replaced by a fluorine atom and the 2-tertiary-butyl glycylamido moiety at C-9 is replaced by a pyrrolidinoacetamido group.364 Omadacycline is a semisynthetic aminomethylcycline that is also similar in structure to tigecycline but with an alkylaminomethyl group replacing the glycylamido group at the C-9 position (see Fig 25.1).365 Similar to other tetracyclines, eravacycline and omadacycline inhibit bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit.\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Eravacycline recommended dosing is 1 mg/kg by IV infusion over 60 minutes every 12 hours. No dose adjustment is required in patients Page 344with renal impairment. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child Pugh C), the dose should be reduced starting on day 2 to 1 mg/kg every 24 hours. With concomitant use of a strong CYP3A inducer, the dose should be increased to 1.5 mg/kg every 12 hours.361 Eravacycline dosed by actual body weight in obese patients (body mass index \uc0\u8805  30 kg/m2) has been shown to have therapeutic utility with an acceptable safety profile.366\
\
Omadacycline recommended dosing for ABSSSI and CABP is 200 mg by IV infusion over 60 minutes on day 1 (given once or divided into two 100-mg doses), followed by 100 mg IV daily or 300 mg orally daily. For ABSSSI treatment, loading doses can be done with 450 mg orally once daily on days 1 and 2, followed by 300 mg orally daily. No dose adjustment is recommended in patients with renal or hepatic impairment.362\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Based on a study of healthy males, the oral bioavailability of eravacycline is estimated to be 28% (range, 26%\'9632%) with a median time to maximum plasma concentration (tmax) value of 2 to 2.5 hours and maximum plasma concentration (Cmax) of 0.23 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 200-mg dose.367 The half-life after a single dose and multiple doses is 22 and 34 hours, respectively.364 However, development of an oral dose formulation for oral eravacycline has been discontinued.\
\
Omadacycline has an estimated bioavailability of 34.5% with a Cmax of 0.31 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 300-mg dose.368 The half-life is approximately 17.6 \'b1 1.45 hours.369\
\
Drug Distribution\
Eravacycline has a volume of distribution at steady state (Vss) of 3.3 to 4.2 L/kg and is 79% to 90% protein-bound.364 In a phase 1 study of healthy volunteers, the mean Cmax of eravacycline dosed 1 mg/kg every 12 hours for 7 doses was 1.29 \'b1 0.4 mg/L.370 The total AUC0-12h in plasma was 4.56 \'b1 0.94 mg\'b7h/L with an estimated free AUC0-12h value of 0.77 \'b1 0.14 mg\'b7h/L. The AUC0-12h in epithelial lining fluid (ELF) and alveolar macrophages was 4.93 mg\'b7h/L and 39.53 mg\'b7h/L, respectively, with an estimated penetration ratio to free plasma of 6.44 and 51.63.\
\
The Vss of omadacycline in healthy human subjects is 190 to 204 L.371,372 After the administration of 100 mg IV omadacycline, the Cmax is 1.92 to 2.12 mg/L.371,372 The protein binding in human plasma is 21.3%, which is lower than other tetracyclines.373 Omadacycline has good intrapulmonary penetration. The AUC24h values in ELF and alveolar cells in healthy human subjects were 17.2 mg\'b7h/L and 302.5 mg\'b7h/L, giving the AUC24h ratios relative to the free AUC24h in plasma of 1.47 and 25.8, respectively.371 These intrapulmonary concentrations were higher than healthy subjects treated with tigecycline.\
\
Drug Elimination\
After a single 60-mg IV dose of radiolabeled eravacycline, 47.8% of the dose was recovered in feces while renal excretion accounted for about 34% of the dose.374\
\
Elimination of omadacycline after a single 300-mg dose was found to be primarily fecal (81.1%) and less urinary excretion (14.4%).369\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Both eravacycline and omadacycline have very broad in\'a0vitro activity against gram-positive, gram-negative, and anaerobic organisms, including multidrug-resistant organisms. Eravacycline is two- to fourfold more active than tigecycline against most aerobic gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, whereas omadacycline generally has comparable MIC values to tigecycline but lower MIC values than tetracycline.364,365 For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.5.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Eravacycline retains potent activity against staphylococci, enterococci, and streptococci regardless of concurrent resistance phenotypes.375-377 For S. aureus, eravacycline activity is independent of methicillin resistance, macrolide resistance, fluoroquinolone resistance, daptomycin nonsusceptibility, linezolid resistance, or the expression of Panton-Valentine leucocidin.375 Similarly, eravacycline remains highly active against both E. faecalis and E. faecium independent of vancomycin resistance, linezolid resistance, and daptomycin nonsusceptibility. Eravacycline is also highly active against all streptococci, including S. pneumoniae expressing penicillin and/or macrolide resistance, as well as tetracycline resistance.375\
\
Omadacycline also demonstrates broad in\'a0vitro activity against clinically relevant gram-positive bacteria, including S. aureus, E. faecalis, E. faecium, S. pneumoniae, and \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci, carrying ribosomal protection [tet(M), tet(O), and tet(S)] and efflux [tet(K) and tet(L)] resistance genes.378 Activity is retained against key resistant phenotypes, including MRSA, tetracycline-resistant S. aureus, methicillin-resistant CoNS, vancomycin-resistant E. faecium, penicillin-resistant S. pneumoniae, and macrolide-resistant S. pneumoniae.378,379\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Eravacycline has broad gram-negative activity that is minimally affected by gram-negative tetracycline-specific resistance mechanisms.380 In a study of >2000 pathogens isolated from 13 Canadian hospitals, eravacycline displayed potency greater than or equal to tigecycline for each of the 9 Enterobacterales species tested (E. coli, K. pneumoniae, K. oxytoca, Enterobacter cloacae, Serratia marcescens, M. morganii, and Citrobacter freundii).376 MIC values were one doubling-dilution lower for ESBL-nonproducing isolates compared with ESBL-producing isolates of E. coli. In another study of 445 isolates of E. coli, eravacycline demonstrated an MIC90 of \uc0\u8804 0.5 \u956 g/mL, of which 127 (29%) isolates were intermediately resistant or resistant to third-generation cephalosporins, including isolates producing one or more ESBLs or cabapenemases.375 The drug exhibited similar potency against fluoroquinolone-resistant, aminoglycoside-resistant, tetracycline-resistant, and multidrug-resistant isolates. Eravacycline exhibits activity against some non\'96lactose-fermenting gram-negative bacteria such as S. maltophilia and A. baumannii, but does not have appreciable activity against P. aeruginosa or Burkholderia cenocepacia.375,376\
\
Omadacycline has activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of P. mirabilis and indole-positive Proteus spp.379 It is somewhat less potent against ESBL-producing E. coli and K. pneumoniae compared with ESBL-nonproducing strains. Omadacycline has excellent activity against H. influenzae (regardless of \uc0\u946 -lactamase production) and M. catarrhalis. Similar to eravacycline, though less potent, omadacycline has activity against A. baumannii and S. maltophilia, but not P. aeruginosa.379\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
In a study of 292 anaerobic pathogens, eravacycline displayed excellent in\'a0vitro activity.375 Eravacycline is more potent against B. fragilis than non-fragilis Bacteroides, and displays activity against other gram-negative anaerobes like Porphyromonas asaccharolytica and Prevotella spp. Eravacycline also has low MIC90 values against gram-positive anaerobes such as C. difficile, Peptostreptococcus spp., Actinomyces spp., Anaerococcus spp., Bifidobacterium spp., Eggerthella spp., Finegoldia magna, Lactobacillus spp., Peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus, and Cutibacterium (Propionibacterium) acnes.375\
\
Omadacycline also has in\'a0vitro activity against many clinically relevant anaerobic bacteria. In a study of 186 isolates, omadacycline activity was found to be similar to that of tigecycline, with MIC90 values of 1 to 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL against Bacteroides spp.; 0.5 \u956 g/mL against C. difficile, Prevotella spp., and P. asaccharolytica; 1 \u956 g/mL against Peptostreptococcus spp.; and 16 \u956 g/mL against Clostridium perfringens.381\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Eravacycline was found to have MIC50/90 values of 1/2 \uc0\u956 g/mL against Legionella pneumophilia with a range of 0.016 to 2 \u956 g/mL.375 In a study of 134 isolates of M. genitalium, M. hominis, M. pneumoniae, Ureaplasma parvum, and U. urealyticum, eravacycline MICs were \u8804  0.25 \u956 g/mL for most isolates.382 Eravacycline was more potent than all comparator agents (tetracycline, azithromycin, moxifloxacin, and clindamycin).\
\
Omadacycline is also active against atypical bacteria. In a study of 100 isolates of L. pneumophila, omadacycline demonstrated relative intracellular penetrance comparable to other antibiotics used for CABP treatment.383 Omadacycline is active against M. pneumoniae, M. Page 345hominis, and Ureaplasma spp. regardless of macrolide, tetracycline, or fluoroquinolone resistance.384 Omadacycline also has activity against C. pneumoniae comparable to doxycycline, azithromycin, moxifloxacin, and levofloxacin.385\
\
Mycobacteria\
In a study of 60 isolates of rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM), of which 
\f1 \uc0\u8764 
\f0 70% were tetracycline resistant, eravacycline was active against all species tested with MIC50 ranges of \uc0\u8804 0.015 to 0.5 and \u8804 0.015 to 0.12 \u956 g/mL for 100% and 80% inhibition, respectively.386 RGM isolates included in this study were M. abscessus subsp. abscessus, M. abscessus subsp. massiliense, M. chelonae, M. immunogenum, M. fortuitum group, and M. mucogenicum group. Eravacycline displayed higher MICs against 50 slowly growing mycobacteria (SGM) species isolates, including 16 M. avium complex (MAC) isolates. The eravacycline MICs were higher (MIC range >8 \u956 g/mL), except for M. kansasii and M. marinum (MIC50 values of 1 \u956 g/mL).386Page 346\
\
In a similar study, omadacycline was tested against 111 isolates of nontuberculous mycobacteria, including 70 isolates of RGM of which >90% were tetracycline resistant.387 Omadacycline was active against all RGM species tested (M. abscessus subsp. abscessus, M. abscessus subsp. massiliense, M. chelonae, M. immunogenum, M. fortuitum group, and M. mucogenicum group), with MIC50 ranges of 0.004 to 0.25 and 0.06 to 1 \uc0\u956 g/mL for 80% and 100% inhibition, respectively. Against SGM, including MAC, omadacycline MICs were higher (MIC range, 8 to >16 \u956 g/mL; n = 41).387\
\
Clinical Uses\
General\
\
Eravacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of adults with cIAIs, whereas omadacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP in adults. Both agents have drawn interest in off-label usages because of their extended\
\
spectrum of activity.\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Omadacycline is FDA approved for CABP in adults based on the results of a phase III double-blind randomized controlled trial,388 in which patients with a pneumonia severity index risk class of II, III, or IV were randomized to either omadacycline (100 mg IV every 12 hours for two doses, then 100 mg IV every 24 hours) or moxifloxacin (400 mg IV every 24 hours) with an optional oral transition (omadacycline 300 mg every 24 hours or moxifloxacin 400 mg every 24 hours) after 3 days of IV treatment. Omadacycline was noninferior to moxifloxacin for early clinical response (ECR) at days 3 to 5 (81.1% and 82.7%, respectively), and the rates of investigator-assessed clinical response at the posttreatment evaluation (PTE) 5 to 10 days after the last drug dose were 87.6% and 85.1%, respectively. Gastrointestinal events were common in both groups (10.2% and 18%, respectively). All eight patients that developed C. difficile were among the moxifloxacin group. The mortality rate was 2.1% in the omadacycline group compared with 1% in the moxifloxacin group. All deaths occurred in patients > 65 years of age, and the cause of mortality imbalance was not established.\
\
Although eravacycline has not been FDA approved for any respiratory tract infection, it has been used and studied retrospectively. In an observational, retrospective cohort study of 93 patients with difficult-to-treat A. baumannii pneumonia, patients receiving eravacycline were compared with those receiving best available therapy.389 Eravacycline failed to show improved outcomes over best previously available therapy, and was associated with higher 30-day mortality (33% vs. 15%; P = .048), lower microbiologic cure (17% vs. 59%; P = .004), and longer durations of mechanical ventilation (10.5 vs. 6.5 days; P = .016). These findings may have been driven by significantly more patients with A. baumannii bacteremia and coinfection with SARS-CoV-2 at baseline in the group that received eravacycline. All 4 patients with bacteremia that received eravacycline died by day 30, which raises concern for the utility of eravacycline for treatment of bloodstream infections. Other smaller data sets without comparator groups have found clinical success using eravacycline for pneumonia.390-392\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Omadacycline is FDA approved for ABSSSI based on two phase III double-blind randomized controlled trials comparing omadacycline to linezolid.393,394 The first one enrolled a global population and randomized patients to receive omadacycline (100 mg IV every 12 hours for two doses, then 100 mg IV every 24 hours) or linezolid (600 mg IV every 12 hours) with an option to transition to oral therapy (omadacycline 300 mg every 24 hours or linezolid 600 mg every 12 hours) after 3 days. The second trial was conducted in the US and randomized patients to receive either oral omadacycline (450 mg every 24 hours over the first 48 hours then 300 mg every 24 hours) or oral linezolid (600 mg every 12 hours). In both studies, omadacycline was noninferior to linezolid with a similar safety profile. In an integrated analysis of the two studies, omadacycline was noninferior to linezolid using the FDA primary endpoint of ECR at 48 to 72 hours (86.2% vs. 83.9%%, respectively) and using the European Medicines Agency primary endpoint of investigator-assessed clinical response at the PTE in the modified intent-to-treat population (85.1% vs. 82.1%, respectively).395 The most common treatment-emergent adverse event in the omadacycline group was nausea (21.9% compared with 8.7% getting linezolid) and vomiting (11.4% compared with 3.9% getting linezolid). The higher rates of nausea and vomiting were associated with the oral 450-mg loading dose during the first 2 days of the second trial.\
\
Published efficacy of eravacycline for skin and skin structure infections is limited to successful reports from small, retrospective case series without comparator groups.390-392\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Eravacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of cIAIs based on the results of two phase III randomized controlled clinical trials. In the first trial, hospitalized patients with cIAIs requiring surgical or percutaneous intervention were randomized to receive either eravacycline 1 mg/kg every 12 hours or ertapenem 1 g every 24 hours for a minimum of 4 days.396 For the microbiological intent-to-treat population, the rates of clinical cure were 86.8% in the eravacycline group and 87.6% in the ertapenem group, meeting the prespecified noninferiority margin. Both drugs were well tolerated. In the second trial, hospitalized patients were randomized to either eravacycline 1 mg/kg every 12 hours or meropenem 1 g every 8 hours IV for 4 to 14 days.397 Eravacycline was found to be noninferior to meropenem for the primary endpoint of clinical cure after 25 to 31 days from start of therapy (90.8% vs. 92.1%, respectively). Clinical cure rates were also similar in the subset of 29 patients with ESBL-producing Enterobacterales for eravacycline compared with meropenem (87.5% vs. 84.6%, respectively). Adverse event rates for eravacycline were low (<5%) and mainly gastrointestinal in nature.\
\
Other Uses\
In two separate phase III clinical trials for the treatment of cUTIs, eravacycline (given IV before eligibility for an oral transition) did not achieve noninferiority to comparator agents (levofloxacin and ertapenem).398,399 As a result of these trials, eravacycline includes a limitation of use in its package insert that it is not indicated for the treatment of cUTIs.361\
\
to be approved by the FDA in 2005. Page 339It was originally approved for the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections (cSSSIs) and cIAIs based on noninferiority studies.256,257 In 2009, tigecycline was approved for the treatment of CABP based on comparable cure rates in patients treated with levofloxacin.258,259 Tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic and is active in\'a0vitro against a broad range of antibiotic-resistant aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The FDA issued a warning regarding an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections based on the pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable.261 In general, the deaths appear related to worsening or complications of the infection or underlying comorbidities. Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP) trial, particularly those with ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
TABLE 25.3\
\
Significant Food-Drug and Drug-Drug Interactions With Tetracyclines\
Interacting Agent	Effect	Comments\
Food	Tetracycline	\
Food may reduce absorption by 50%	Bioavailability is 60%\'9680% when taken on an empty stomach\
Doxycycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Minocycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Divalent or trivalent cations: aluminum, calcium, magnesium, iron, zinc	Significant reduction of all tetracycline absorption	Should not be administered concurrently with foods or drugs containing divalent or trivalent cations (i.e., antacids, sucralfate, didanosine, multivitamins)\
Kaolin and pectin	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	\
Bismuth subsalicylate	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	Separate administration of tetracycline from divalent or trivalent cations by 2hours\
Sodium bicarbonate	May decrease absorption of tetracycline	\
Cimetidine	Decreased tetracycline absorption	Effect not clinically significant\
Carbamazepine, phenytoin, barbiturates	Decreased half-life of doxycycline	Increases hepatic metabolism\
Chronic ethanol ingestion	Decreased half-life of doxycycline but not tetracycline	Possible mechanism: induction of hepatic microsomal enzymes\
Methoxyflurane or fluorinated anesthetic	Nephrotoxicity when administered with tetracycline agents	\
Diuretics	Increased blood urea nitrogen	Volume depletion may increase the nephrotoxic effects of tetracycline by unknown mechanisms\
Oral anticoagulants	Increased risk of bleeding	Tetracyclines may impair utilization of prothrombin and may decrease vitamin K production by intestinal bacteria; tigecycline decreases warfarin clearance, although a study found no effect in healthy volunteers\
Oral contraceptives	Reduced levels when administered with tetracyclines	\
Women should use an additional (mechanical) form of birth control\
Possible mechanism: reduction in bacterial hydrolysis of conjugated estrogen in the intestine\
Antiinfectives	May reduce antimicrobial activity of aminoglycosides and penicillins	\
Rare reports of in\'a0vitro antagonism\
Some clinicians recommend that the drugs not be used concomitantly\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Tigecycline is a semisynthetic derivative of minocycline. It has an N-alkyl-glycylamido moiety attached to the 9-position of minocycline.263 (See Fig. 25.1 for molecular structure.) The design is based on the premise that a peptide substituent would enhance ribosomal permeation and binding. The 9-glycyl substitution results in steric hindrance that enables tigecycline to overcome the two major types of tetracycline resistance: tetracycline-specific efflux pumps and ribosomal protection.264\
\
Tigecycline\'92s antibacterial mechanism of action is similar to that of older tetracyclines. It works by inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis by binding to bacterial 30S ribosomal subunits, ultimately blocking entry of aminoacyl transfer RNA molecules into the A site of the ribosome. This prevents amino acids from incorporating into elongating peptide chains, thus inhibiting protein synthesis.264,265 Like other tetracyclines, tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic because its interaction with the ribosome is reversible.8 Because glycylcyclines bind five times more strongly to the ribosome than tetracyclines, they are able to overcome the ribosomal protection mechanism of the tetracycline resistome.266,267\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Tigecycline is available only in intravenous formulation owing to its poor oral absorption. The recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by 50 mg every 12 hours. Infusions should be administered over approximately 30 to 60 minutes. According to the package insert, the recommended duration of treatment for cSSSIs or for cIAIs is 5 to 14 days. The recommended duration for treatment of CABP is 7 to 14 days. It has not been studied in children younger than 18.268\
\
In patients with renal impairment, no dose adjustment is necessary. In a pooled pharmacokinetic evaluation of tigecycline in healthy adult volunteers and in those with renal impairment, tigecycline had mostly linear pharmacokinetics across all dose ranges. Tigecycline is also not significantly removed by hemodialysis.269\
\
In patients with mild-to-moderate hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh A and B), no dose adjustment is necessary. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh C), the recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by a reduced maintenance dose of 25 mg every 12 hours. These patients should be treated with caution and monitored closely. In a study looking at various stages of liver dysfunction, patients with moderate liver disease had systemic clearance reduced by 25%, and the half-life was increased by 23%. In patients with severe liver disease, systemic clearance was decreased by 55% and the half-life was increased by 43%.270\
\
There do not appear to be any significant differences in tigecycline pharmacokinetic parameters on the basis of age, sex, or weight. Therefore, no dose adjustment appears necessary.271Page 340\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Tigecycline has limited oral bioavailability, hence it is available only in IV preparations. Food does not significantly alter pharmacokinetics and may reduce the nausea and vomiting seen as a side effect. The half-life of tigecycline ranges from 37 to 67 hours.272\
\
Drug Distribution\
In\'a0vitro plasma protein binding of tigecycline is 71% to 89%, and the volume of distribution is 7 to 10 L/kg, indicating extensive distribution into the tissues.272 In a 100-mg single-dose study of patients undergoing elective surgery or a medical procedure for tissue extraction, various tissue concentrations were measured. The respective mean and median concentration values of tigecycline in serum immediately after the end of a 100-mg infusion were 1.94 and 1.32 mg/L. Subsequent serum concentrations of tigecycline gradually declined to mean values of 0.22, 0.19, 0.11, and 0.07 mg/L at approximately 4, 8, 12, and 24 hours, respectively. Tissue penetration, expressed as the ratio of area under the curve (AUC)0\'9624h in tissue or body fluid to serum, was 537 for bile, 23 for gallbladder, 2.6 for colon, 2.0 for lung, 0.41 for bone, 0.31 for synovial fluid, and 0.11 for CSF.273 In a separate study of subjects without infections undergoing elective orthopedic procedures, multiple doses of tigecycline were shown to result in bone-to-serum ratios of approximately 4.77, showing penetration into bone.274 After standard dosing to 33 healthy volunteers, the tigecycline AUC0\'9612h in alveolar cells was 78-fold higher than the AUC0\'9612h in the serum. In epithelial lining fluid, the AUC0\'9612h was about 32% higher than in the serum.268,273 In the urine, after a 100-mg dose of tigecycline, urinary concentrations were about 0.3 \uc0\u956 g/mL.275 Clinical trials in urinary tract infections were abandoned on precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 Like the earlier-generation tetracyclines, tigecycline displays a time-dependent killing pattern and exhibits a considerable postantibiotic effect.277\
\
Drug Elimination\
The primary route of elimination for tigecycline is biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline and its metabolites. Using radiolabeled carbon-14 (14C)-tigecycline, studies have shown elimination primarily by the liver via biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline in the feces (59%). Glucuronidation and renal excretion of unchanged tigecycline are secondary routes. Thirty-two percent of tigecycline is eliminated in the urine.272,278\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Tigecycline has antibacterial activity against a wide variety of aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.4.Page 341\
\
TABLE 25.4\
\
Overview of the MIC50 and MIC90 Ranges, and the Wild-Type Cutoff Values for Various Species That Are Clinically Relevant for Tigecycline Use\
MIC50 (\uc0\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	Range (\u956 g/mL)	Eucast Wild-Type Cutoff\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'961	0.25\
S. aureus, methicillin-susceptible	0.12	0.12\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'961	0.25\
Staphylococcus epidermidis, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	0.5\
S. epidermidis, methicillin-susceptible	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'962	0.5\
Enterococcus faecalis, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
Enterococcus faecium, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
E. faecium, vancomycin-resistant	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.12		0.25\
Streptococcus pyogenes	0.06	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	0.125\
Streptococcus agalactiae	0.03\'960.06	0.12\'960.25	0.03\'961	0.25\
Streptococcus pneumoniae	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	\u8804 0.06\'961	0.125\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Enterobacterales	0.5	1	0.04\'9616	\'97\
Enterobacter spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.06\'968	\'97\
Enterobacter cloacae	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.5\'9616	2\
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.06\'9616	2\
Escherichia coli	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.03\'964	1\
Haemophilus influenzae	0.12\'960.5	0.25\'961	\uc0\u8804 0.008\'962	1\
Klebsiella spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.5\'968	2 (K. pneumoniae)\
Klebsiella pneumoniae ESBL+	1	2	0.12\'968	\'97\
Moraxella catarrhalis	0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.5	0.125\
Morganella morganii	2	4	1\'968	8\
Proteus spp.	4	4\'968	1\'9616	4/8\
Serratia spp.	1\'962	1\'964	0.5\'9616	4\
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	0.38\'961	1.5\'964	0.25\'968	4\
Pseudomonas aeruginosa	8\'9616	16 to \uc0\u8805 32	0.12\'9664	64\
Acinetobacter spp.	0.5\'963	1\'966	0.03\'968	\'97\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Bacteroides fragilis group	0.5\'961	0.5\'968	0.06\'9632	\'97\
Clostridioides difficile (formerly Clostridium difficile)	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	\'97\
Clostridium perfringens	0.12	1	0.06\'962	\'97\
Fusobacterium spp.	0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.25	\'97\
Peptostreptococcus spp.	0.06	0.06\'960.125	0.06\'960.12	\
ESBL, Extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; EUCAST, European Committee on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
From Nabuurs-Franssen M, Mouton JW. Tigecycline. In: Grayson ML, ed. Kucers\'92 The Use of Antibiotics. 6th ed. CRC Press; 2010:881\'96892.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against many Staphylococcus, Enterococcus, and Streptococcus species, including organisms resistant to many other classes of antibiotics. Among S. aureus, tigecycline has shown potent activity among both MSSA and MRSA strains.279-281 Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against community-associated MRSA strains as seen in a study of 1989 isolates with a susceptibility rate of 98.2%.282 In a European survey of common skin and skin structure pathogens, all MRSA isolates were susceptible to tigecycline.283\'a0Staphylococcus epidermidis has also been shown to be susceptible to tigecycline, including strains that are erythromycin resistant.284\
\
Tigecycline is also highly active against Enterococcus spp., including strains resistant to vancomycin. In a study of 97 vancomycin-resistant isolates, tigecycline was equally active against all VanA, VanB, and VanC phenotypes of glycopeptide resistance of enterococci.285 In the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) program, which took place from 2004 to 2009 and looked at various antimicrobials against Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium, all 2068 isolates of E. faecalis were susceptible to tigecycline in various European countries. Only 2 out of 893 (0.2%) of E. faecium isolates were resistant to tigecycline.286 In a Korean study, 4 out of 2005 (0.2%) of vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) isolates were resistant to tigecycline.287\
\
Streptococci have also been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline, including bloodstream isolates of viridans-group streptococcal species.288 Tigecycline has also shown excellent activity against \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci.289 Tigecycline was two- to fourfold more active than comparator agents against all 435 isolates of S. pneumoniae studied in the global TEST program, including those that were penicillin resistant and penicillin intermediate. Against the penicillin-susceptible S. pneumoniae isolates, tigecycline was less active than \u946 -lactam agents.290 In another study, tigecycline was noted to be bactericidal against 11 of 12 strains of S. pneumoniae.291\
\
Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against L. monocytogenes and coryneform bacteria.292\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Tigecycline has good activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of most strains of Proteus spp., Providencia spp., and Morganella spp.289,293,294 Enterobacterales that have developed resistance to tetracycline are susceptible to tigecycline because it remains stable and largely unaffected by the commonly occurring efflux and ribosomal protection resistance mechanisms. In a large global study, tetracycline-resistant populations demonstrated only modest decreases in potency to tigecycline, which appeared to be species dependent (up to twofold only for E. coli, Salmonella spp., Shigella spp., and Pantoea agglomerans and up to fourfold for Klebsiella spp., Enterobacter spp., and Citrobacter spp.).295 Other resistance mechanisms, such as extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase (ESBL) production, AmpC derepression, carbapenemase production, and resistance phenotypes, such as fluoroquinolone resistance, fluoroquinolone/ampicillin resistance, fluoroquinolone/TMP-SMX resistance, and multidrug resistance, do not have an influence on the MIC value of tigecycline.295-299\
\
Tigecycline has good activity against most lactose-nonfermenting gram-negative bacilli with the notable exception of P. aeruginosa. It remains one of the most active agents against Acinetobacter spp.290,293,300 Although most studies have noted a high level of Acinetobacter spp. susceptibility to tigecycline, one study in Israel noted that of 82 isolates, 66% were resistant, 12% were intermediate, and just 22% were susceptible to tigecycline.301 In the United States, most antimicrobial agents have shown reduced susceptibility to A. baumannii over recent years, including tigecycline.300\'a0S. maltophilia has been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline in\'a0vitro. In a large global survey of 1586 isolates, 95.5% were susceptible to tigecycline, which was second only to TMP-SMX (96%).302\
\
In another global study, 1220 strains of H. influenzae, 495 strains of Moraxella catarrhalis, and 17 strains of N. meningitidis were all susceptible to tigecycline.303\'a0Brucella melitensis is highly susceptible to tigecycline both in\'a0vitro and in blood and bone marrow cultures of adult patients with acute brucellosis.304-306 Tigecycline has reduced activity against B. cepacia.267\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against most gram-positive and gram-negative anaerobes. In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline were tested against 831 isolates of the B. fragilis group representing all of the species within the group. Tigecycline was more active than clindamycin, minocycline, and cefoxitin and less active than imipenem or piperacillin-tazobactam against all isolates of the B. fragilis group.307 In the European TEST program looking at Bacteroides, Prevotella, Anaerococcus, Clostridium, Finegoldia, and Peptostreptococcus spp., the lowest MIC values were noted for meropenem and tigecycline. Of note, tigecycline showed the lowest MIC90 against C. difficile (0.25 mg/L).308\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Tigecycline is highly active against C. pneumoniae, C. trachomatis, M. pneumoniae, and M. hominis.85,309 It is less active against U. urealyticum than tetracycline, with an MIC90 of 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL.309 In a guinea pig model, tigecycline was shown to be as effective as erythromycin against L. pneumophila, but the drug was inactivated by test medium that confounded susceptibility data. Tigecycline prevented death in the study, but treated guinea pigs were noted to have residual bacterial concentrations in the lungs, suggesting that tigecycline may not be the drug of choice for severe legionnaires\'92 disease, and prolonged therapy would be required.310\
\
Mycobacteria and Nocardia\
The rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM) appear to be highly susceptible to tigecycline. In two separate studies, every RGM isolate, mostly consisting of M. fortuitum, M. abscessus, and M. chelonae, was susceptible to tigecycline.97,311 All slowly growing nontuberculous mycobacteria, including M. avium complex, Mycobacterium lentiflavum, M. marinum, and M. kansasii, are resistant to tigecycline.97 The in\'a0vitro activity against M. tuberculosis appears poor.312 Tigecycline has modest activity against Nocardia spp., with an MIC90 of 4 \uc0\u956 g/mL. By comparison, minocycline has an MIC90 of 2 \u956 g/mL.103\
\
Clinical Uses\
Tigecycline is currently FDA approved for three indications: treatment of cSSSIs, cIAIs, and CABP. It is also used off-label for many other disease processes.\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Several clinical studies have compared tigecycline versus a combination of vancomycin and aztreonam for up to 14 days for the treatment of skin and skin structure infections. Similar results have been seen across studies that have shown tigecycline to be noninferior. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, tests of cure were between 73.3% and 84.3% for tigecycline and between 66.6% and 86.9% for the vancomycin-aztreonam group. Tests of cure for the clinically evaluable populations were 78.6% to 89.8% and 75.8% to 95%, respectively. Increased nausea and vomiting was consistently seen in the tigecycline group, whereas rash and elevated transaminases were consistently seen in the vancomycin-aztreonam group.256,313-316 In the largest study, no differences were noted in clinical cure rates in patients who were bacteremic (86% vs. 87.5%). Tigecycline had equal efficacy in patients with monomicrobial and polymicrobial infections.256\
\
In a phase III, randomized, double-blind trial conducted in subjects with diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, a 150-mg once-daily regimen of tigecycline did not meet criteria for noninferiority compared with ertapenem with or without vancomycin.317\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Tigecycline is an attractive option to treat cIAIs because its broad spectrum of activity is favorable against a potentially polymicrobial infection. In two large studies of cIAIs, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for 5 to 14 days of treatment. Complicated appendicitis was the most common infection, followed by complicated cholecystitis. The most common organisms were E. coli, Streptococcus anginosus group, and B. fragilis. Acute Physiology and Chronic Page 342Health Evaluation (APACHE) II scores were similar, and less than 4% of patients had scores over 15. Clinical cure rates were 86.1% for tigecycline and 86.2% for imipenem-cilastatin, meeting noninferiority criteria. There was no difference in cure rates between the two therapies for monomicrobial versus polymicrobial infections. Clinical cure rates for bacteremia were also similar (82% vs. 80%, respectively). Nausea and vomiting were more frequent in the tigecycline group.257,318\
\
Two other studies have compared tigecycline with a combination of ceftriaxone plus metronidazole for cIAIs. Clinical cure rates were between 70.4% and 81.8% in the tigecycline group and 74.3% and 79.4% in the ceftriaxone-metronidazole group, again displaying noninferiority.319,320\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Tigecycline has been approved for the treatment of CABP. It has been compared with levofloxacin in multiple studies with treatment durations between 7 and 14 days and Fine Pneumonia Severity Index scores typically from II to IV. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, test-of-cure results were between 78.7% and 84.4% for tigecycline and between 77.8% and 82.1% for the levofloxacin group. Test-of-cure results for the clinically evaluable populations were 88.9% and 90.6% and 85.3% and 87.2%, respectively. All trials met noninferiority criteria for tigecycline. As with other clinical trials, more patients tended to have nausea and vomiting in the tigecycline groups.258,259,321,322\
\
Tigecycline has also been looked at for treating VAP and HAP. In a retrospective review of 117 patients with VAP treated with tigecycline, 74 (63%) were determined by the physician to have clinical success. About half of the patients had a microbiologic diagnosis, and of those the most common organisms were Acinetobacter spp. (69%) and MRSA (22%). Eighty-four percent of the cases with Acinetobacter spp. were carbapenem resistant. Global mortality proportion was 33%.323 In a phase III randomized controlled trial involving 945 patients, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for the treatment of HAP. Cure rates were 67.9% for tigecycline and 78.2% for imipenem-cilastatin in the clinically evaluable group and 62.7% and 67.6% in the clinical modified intention-to-treat group, respectively. A statistical interaction occurred between VAP and non-VAP subgroups, with significantly lower cure rates in tigecycline-treated VAP patients compared with imipenem; in non-VAP patients, tigecycline was noninferior to imipenem. Overall mortality did not differ between the tigecycline (14.1%) and imipenem-cilastatin regimens (12.2%), although more deaths occurred in VAP patients treated with tigecycline than imipenem-cilastin.324 In a subsequent phase II study, the safety and efficacy of two higher doses of tigecycline (150 mg followed by 75 mg every 12 hours or 200 mg followed by 100 mg every 12 hours) were compared with imipenem-cilastatin in participants with HAP. In the clinically evaluable population, the rate of clinical cure with tigecycline 100 mg (17/20, 85.0%) was numerically higher than with tigecycline 75 mg (16/23, 69.6%) and imipenem-cilastatin (18/24, 75.0%). No new safety signals with the high-dose tigecycline were identified.325\
\
Other Uses\
Tigecycline is also used for many off-label indications. In an early-use registry of 113 patients, 22% received tigecycline for approved indications and 78% for off-label indications (56% with scientific support and 22% with limited or no scientific support).326\
\
Although there are no randomized prospective trials looking at the use of tigecycline for bacteremia, secondary bacteremia in prior clinical trials has been analyzed. Pooled data from subjects enrolled for treatment of cSSSI, cIAI, or CAP presenting with bacteremia from seven double-blind and one open-label trial of tigecycline compared with vancomycin-aztreonam, imipenem-cilastatin, levofloxacin, vancomycin, or linezolid were analyzed. A total of 170 subjects were identified, and clinical cure rates were 81.3% and 78.5% for tigecycline and the comparator. Nine patients treated with tigecycline were noted to have persistent bacteremia, as compared with one in the comparator group.327 Tigecycline, in a solution with N-acetylcysteine and heparin, was evaluated as a catheter-lock solution for catheter salvage in patients with hemodialysis catheter-associated bacteremia. Eighteen case patients received the catheter-lock solution for 14 days plus systemic antibiotic therapy. Treatment was successful for 15 (83%) of the 18 case patients within 90 days of follow-up.328\
\
In critically ill patients who have developed bacterial infections with multidrug resistance, tigecycline remains an attractive option owing to its ability to maintain in\'a0vitro activity. A phase III, open-label, noncomparator study evaluated tigecycline in patients with selected serious infections caused by resistant gram-negative bacteria, patients with treatment failures who had received prior antimicrobial therapy, or patients unable to tolerate other appropriate antimicrobials. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, CAP, HAP, VAP, and bacteremia (including catheter-associated bacteremia). Clinical cure rate was 72.2%, and the microbiologic eradication rate was 66.7%.329 Another phase III study compared the safety and efficacy of tigecycline with vancomycin or linezolid in hospitalized patients with MRSA or VRE infections. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, pneumonia, and bacteremia. For MRSA infection, clinical cure rates in the microbiologically evaluable population (n = 117) were 81.4% (70/86 patients) with tigecycline and 83.9% (26/31 patients) with vancomycin. Most infections were cSSSIs. There were only 15 patients enrolled with VRE, and the authors were not able to draw any conclusions.330 In a report of 110 cancer patients who developed serious infections, 64% were noted to have a clinical response when treated with tigecycline (92% were treated in combination with an antipseudomonal agent). Interesting to note, more patients with bacteremia than pneumonia had clinical response (79% vs. 51%). Mortality rates of those with pneumonia were 44%, compared with 16% with bacteremia.331 The combination of piperacillin-tazobactam and tigecycline was found to be more effective than piperacillin-tazobactam alone in febrile, neutropenic hematologic patients with cancer in an epidemiologic setting characterized by a high rate of MDR microorganisms.332 In a prospective, observational study of adults with extensively drug-resistant A. baumannii bacteremia, increased 14-day mortality was observed with the combination of colistin-tigecycline compared with a colistin-carbapenem regimen. The excess mortality may have been restricted to the subgroup with higher tigecycline MICs (>2 \uc0\u956 g/mL).333 In a systematic review and meta-analysis, tigecycline, particularly when given in high-doses and in combination with other agents, was found to have similar efficacy to other antibiotics for treating carbapenem-resistant gram-negative bacterial infections.334\
\
Clinical trials that have looked at use of tigecycline for urinary tract infections were abandoned at precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 In a retrospective cohort study of carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae bacteriuria, tigecycline, polymyxin B, and an aminoglycoside were compared. The microbiologic clearance rate was 88% in the aminoglycoside cohort (n = 41), 64% in the polymyxin B cohort (n = 25), 43% in the tigecycline cohort (n = 21), and 36% in an untreated cohort.335 Success with tigecycline for treating MDR K. pneumoniae and A. baumannii urinary tract infection or urosepsis has been reported with use of higher than approved doses of tigecycline, with initial doses between 200 and 400 mg and subsequent maintenance doses of 100 to 200 mg every 24 hours.275\
\
Interest in using tigecycline for CDIs has arisen owing to its in\'a0vitro activity and high stool concentrations. Currently, no randomized controlled trials have evaluated tigecycline for the treatment of CDI. There have been multiple case reports of use of tigecycline (alone or in combination with other CDI therapies) for the treatment of CDI, with most having a successful outcome.336-338 In a retrospective case-control study of severe CDI, 18 patients who received tigecycline (along with other CDI therapies) were compared with 26 similarly ill patients who did not receive tigecycline. There was no difference with regard to CDI survival, rates of colectomy, or relapse rates.339 In a propensity-matched cohort study of 28 cases of CDI treated with tigecycline compared with 140 cases without tigecycline, 30-day mortality was not statistically different.340\
\
Limited data exist regarding use of tigecycline for bone and joint infections. In the previously mentioned phase III study in diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, clinical cure rates in the substudy were low (<36%) for a subset of tigecycline-treated patients with osteomyelitis.317 Other small cases series have reported varying degrees of success using tigecycline for osteomyelitis.341,342Page 343\
\
Treatment of infections with RGM can be difficult. The safety and efficacy of a tigecycline-containing regimen for salvage treatment of 52 patients with M. abscessus and M. chelonae was performed. Included patients had both lung and extrapulmonary infections. Tigecycline given for at least 1 month as part of a multidrug regimen resulted in improvement in over 60% of patients, including those with underlying cystic fibrosis, despite failure of prior antibiotic therapy. AEs were reported in over 90% of cases, the most common being nausea and vomiting.343\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Tigecycline remains active against bacteria that contain efflux-mediated resistance to tetracyclines. This is likely a result of the efflux pump\'92s ineffectiveness in transporting tigecycline out of the cell, or from the inability of tigecycline to induce efflux proteins.344,345 There is also currently no evidence of gene mutations coding for RPPs for the tet family (tet(M), tet(O), tet(S)) for reduced susceptibility to tigecycline.\
\
The most common intrinsic tigecycline resistance observed in Proteus mirabilis and Morganella morganii is drug recognition and upregulation by the AcrAB efflux pump.346,347 Overexpression of this pump is also associated with the development of resistance to other gram-negative bacteria. P. aeruginosa is intrinsically resistant to tigecycline as a result of the MexXY-OprM multidrug efflux pump.348 A novel plasmid-mediated multidrug-resistant RND family efflux pump, TMexCD1-TOprJ1, has been identified in carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae and other gram-negative bacilli including Pseudomonas spp. in China.349\
\
The overexpression of MepA, a novel MATE family efflux pump, may contribute to decreased activity of tigecycline against S. aureus.350\
\
Adverse Reactions\
Gastrointestinal Side Effects\
\
As with older tetracyclines, the most commonly reported adverse reactions to tigecycline are gastrointestinal in nature. As seen in multiple phase III clinical trials, nausea (26%) and vomiting (18%) were the most reported side effects.256,257,268,313,351 The majority of these symptoms (95%) were mild to moderate and occurred after 1 to 2 days of therapy. The side effects are dose related; 100 mg was the highest dose tolerated in fasting healthy participants, and 200 mg was the highest dose tolerated with food.272 However, the risk of side effects was found to be similar in a review of 134 patients given standard or high-dose regimens for VAP.352 Less reported side effects are anorexia, dry mouth, dysgeusia, and loose stool.296\
\
Hepatotoxicity and Pancreatitis\
Transient elevations in transaminases and alkaline phosphatase levels have been seen.353 In phase III clinical trials, the incidence of increased liver function test results was significantly lower with tigecycline than with comparator drugs.256,258 However, in a recent retrospective review of 397 patients treated with at least 7 days of tigecycline, the prevalence of drug-induced liver injury (DILI) was 10.3%.354 Independent risk factors for DILI were abnormal baseline alanine aminotransferase levels, intensive care unit admission, and treatment length. Case reports of mild tigecycline-induced acute pancreatitis have also been reported.355\
\
Other Side Effects\
Other side effects reported from clinical trials that have an incidence between 2% and 7% include (in descending order) infection, headache, anemia, hypoproteinemia, asthenia, phlebitis, elevated blood urea nitrogen (BUN), abnormal healing, dizziness, skin rash, pneumonia, and abscess formation.268\
\
Increased Mortality\
In 2010 the FDA issued a warning of an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections on the basis of pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In those studies, death occurred in 4% (150/3788) of patients receiving tigecycline and 3% (110/3646) of patients receiving comparator drugs. Based on a random effects model by trial weight, an adjusted risk difference of all-cause mortality was 0.6% (95% confidence interval, 0.1\'961.2) between tigecycline- and comparator-treated patients. Deaths were generally the result of worsening infection, complications of infections, or underlying comorbidities. Among indications, the mortality difference was not statistically significant. However, mortality in tigecycline-treated patients was numerically greater in every infection and considerably greater in VAP (19.1% vs. 12.3%). Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the HAP trial, particularly those with VAP with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable. After the 2010 warning was issued, data were analyzed from 10 clinical trials conducted only for FDA-approved uses (cSSSI, cIAI, CABP), including trials conducted after the drug was approved. This analysis showed a higher risk of death among patients receiving tigecycline compared with other antibacterial drugs: 2.5% (66/2640) versus 1.8% (48/2628), respectively. The adjusted risk difference for death was 0.6% with corresponding 95% confidence interval (0.0\'961.2).261\
\
Several meta-analyses prompted the FDA to look into the efficacy and safety of tigecycline. Depending on what clinical trials (published and unpublished) were included, results varied.356-358\
\
Drug Interactions\
In\'a0vitro studies in human liver microsomes have indicated that tigecycline is not a substrate, inhibitor, or inducer of common cytochrome P450 enzymes; therefore such pharmacokinetic drug interactions are unlikely.359 However, concomitant administration of tigecycline and warfarin in healthy participants resulted in a decrease in clearance of R-warfarin and S-warfarin by 40% and 23%, an increase in Cmax by 38% and 43%, and an increase in AUC by 68% and 29%, respectively.268 No significant effects of tigecycline on digoxin pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics were noted in a study of 20 healthy men.360\
\
Eravacycline and Omadacycline\
Two new tetracycline derivatives were approved by the FDA in late 2018. Eravacycline is a fluorocycline antibiotic and is FDA approved for cIAIs in adults.361 Omadacycline is an aminomethylcycline and is FDA approved for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP.362 Both drugs carry the same package insert label, which is to recommend that these two drugs should be used only to treat or prevent infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. This precaution is to reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of eravacycline and omadacycline and other antibacterial drugs.363 Eravacycline also has a label precaution that it is not indicated for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTIs). Omadacycline has an additional label precaution about the mortality imbalance in patients with CABP. In the CABP trial, a mortality rate of 2.1% was observed in omadacycline-treated patients compared with 0.8% in moxifloxacin-treated patients (P = .14).362 The cause of the mortality imbalance has not been established. Providers should closely monitor clinical response to therapy in CABP patients, particularly in those at higher risk for mortality.\
\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Eravacycline is a synthetic fluorocycline that is similar in structure to tigecycline but with two important tetracycline core modifications (see Fig 25.1). The dimethylamine moiety at C-7 is replaced by a fluorine atom and the 2-tertiary-butyl glycylamido moiety at C-9 is replaced by a pyrrolidinoacetamido group.364 Omadacycline is a semisynthetic aminomethylcycline that is also similar in structure to tigecycline but with an alkylaminomethyl group replacing the glycylamido group at the C-9 position (see Fig 25.1).365 Similar to other tetracyclines, eravacycline and omadacycline inhibit bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit.\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Eravacycline recommended dosing is 1 mg/kg by IV infusion over 60 minutes every 12 hours. No dose adjustment is required in patients Page 344with renal impairment. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child Pugh C), the dose should be reduced starting on day 2 to 1 mg/kg every 24 hours. With concomitant use of a strong CYP3A inducer, the dose should be increased to 1.5 mg/kg every 12 hours.361 Eravacycline dosed by actual body weight in obese patients (body mass index \uc0\u8805  30 kg/m2) has been shown to have therapeutic utility with an acceptable safety profile.366\
\
Omadacycline recommended dosing for ABSSSI and CABP is 200 mg by IV infusion over 60 minutes on day 1 (given once or divided into two 100-mg doses), followed by 100 mg IV daily or 300 mg orally daily. For ABSSSI treatment, loading doses can be done with 450 mg orally once daily on days 1 and 2, followed by 300 mg orally daily. No dose adjustment is recommended in patients with renal or hepatic impairment.362\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Based on a study of healthy males, the oral bioavailability of eravacycline is estimated to be 28% (range, 26%\'9632%) with a median time to maximum plasma concentration (tmax) value of 2 to 2.5 hours and maximum plasma concentration (Cmax) of 0.23 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 200-mg dose.367 The half-life after a single dose and multiple doses is 22 and 34 hours, respectively.364 However, development of an oral dose formulation for oral eravacycline has been discontinued.\
\
Omadacycline has an estimated bioavailability of 34.5% with a Cmax of 0.31 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 300-mg dose.368 The half-life is approximately 17.6 \'b1 1.45 hours.369\
\
Drug Distribution\
Eravacycline has a volume of distribution at steady state (Vss) of 3.3 to 4.2 L/kg and is 79% to 90% protein-bound.364 In a phase 1 study of healthy volunteers, the mean Cmax of eravacycline dosed 1 mg/kg every 12 hours for 7 doses was 1.29 \'b1 0.4 mg/L.370 The total AUC0-12h in plasma was 4.56 \'b1 0.94 mg\'b7h/L with an estimated free AUC0-12h value of 0.77 \'b1 0.14 mg\'b7h/L. The AUC0-12h in epithelial lining fluid (ELF) and alveolar macrophages was 4.93 mg\'b7h/L and 39.53 mg\'b7h/L, respectively, with an estimated penetration ratio to free plasma of 6.44 and 51.63.\
\
The Vss of omadacycline in healthy human subjects is 190 to 204 L.371,372 After the administration of 100 mg IV omadacycline, the Cmax is 1.92 to 2.12 mg/L.371,372 The protein binding in human plasma is 21.3%, which is lower than other tetracyclines.373 Omadacycline has good intrapulmonary penetration. The AUC24h values in ELF and alveolar cells in healthy human subjects were 17.2 mg\'b7h/L and 302.5 mg\'b7h/L, giving the AUC24h ratios relative to the free AUC24h in plasma of 1.47 and 25.8, respectively.371 These intrapulmonary concentrations were higher than healthy subjects treated with tigecycline.\
\
Drug Elimination\
After a single 60-mg IV dose of radiolabeled eravacycline, 47.8% of the dose was recovered in feces while renal excretion accounted for about 34% of the dose.374\
\
Elimination of omadacycline after a single 300-mg dose was found to be primarily fecal (81.1%) and less urinary excretion (14.4%).369\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Both eravacycline and omadacycline have very broad in\'a0vitro activity against gram-positive, gram-negative, and anaerobic organisms, including multidrug-resistant organisms. Eravacycline is two- to fourfold more active than tigecycline against most aerobic gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, whereas omadacycline generally has comparable MIC values to tigecycline but lower MIC values than tetracycline.364,365 For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.5.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Eravacycline retains potent activity against staphylococci, enterococci, and streptococci regardless of concurrent resistance phenotypes.375-377 For S. aureus, eravacycline activity is independent of methicillin resistance, macrolide resistance, fluoroquinolone resistance, daptomycin nonsusceptibility, linezolid resistance, or the expression of Panton-Valentine leucocidin.375 Similarly, eravacycline remains highly active against both E. faecalis and E. faecium independent of vancomycin resistance, linezolid resistance, and daptomycin nonsusceptibility. Eravacycline is also highly active against all streptococci, including S. pneumoniae expressing penicillin and/or macrolide resistance, as well as tetracycline resistance.375\
\
Omadacycline also demonstrates broad in\'a0vitro activity against clinically relevant gram-positive bacteria, including S. aureus, E. faecalis, E. faecium, S. pneumoniae, and \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci, carrying ribosomal protection [tet(M), tet(O), and tet(S)] and efflux [tet(K) and tet(L)] resistance genes.378 Activity is retained against key resistant phenotypes, including MRSA, tetracycline-resistant S. aureus, methicillin-resistant CoNS, vancomycin-resistant E. faecium, penicillin-resistant S. pneumoniae, and macrolide-resistant S. pneumoniae.378,379\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Eravacycline has broad gram-negative activity that is minimally affected by gram-negative tetracycline-specific resistance mechanisms.380 In a study of >2000 pathogens isolated from 13 Canadian hospitals, eravacycline displayed potency greater than or equal to tigecycline for each of the 9 Enterobacterales species tested (E. coli, K. pneumoniae, K. oxytoca, Enterobacter cloacae, Serratia marcescens, M. morganii, and Citrobacter freundii).376 MIC values were one doubling-dilution lower for ESBL-nonproducing isolates compared with ESBL-producing isolates of E. coli. In another study of 445 isolates of E. coli, eravacycline demonstrated an MIC90 of \uc0\u8804 0.5 \u956 g/mL, of which 127 (29%) isolates were intermediately resistant or resistant to third-generation cephalosporins, including isolates producing one or more ESBLs or cabapenemases.375 The drug exhibited similar potency against fluoroquinolone-resistant, aminoglycoside-resistant, tetracycline-resistant, and multidrug-resistant isolates. Eravacycline exhibits activity against some non\'96lactose-fermenting gram-negative bacteria such as S. maltophilia and A. baumannii, but does not have appreciable activity against P. aeruginosa or Burkholderia cenocepacia.375,376\
\
Omadacycline has activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of P. mirabilis and indole-positive Proteus spp.379 It is somewhat less potent against ESBL-producing E. coli and K. pneumoniae compared with ESBL-nonproducing strains. Omadacycline has excellent activity against H. influenzae (regardless of \uc0\u946 -lactamase production) and M. catarrhalis. Similar to eravacycline, though less potent, omadacycline has activity against A. baumannii and S. maltophilia, but not P. aeruginosa.379\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
In a study of 292 anaerobic pathogens, eravacycline displayed excellent in\'a0vitro activity.375 Eravacycline is more potent against B. fragilis than non-fragilis Bacteroides, and displays activity against other gram-negative anaerobes like Porphyromonas asaccharolytica and Prevotella spp. Eravacycline also has low MIC90 values against gram-positive anaerobes such as C. difficile, Peptostreptococcus spp., Actinomyces spp., Anaerococcus spp., Bifidobacterium spp., Eggerthella spp., Finegoldia magna, Lactobacillus spp., Peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus, and Cutibacterium (Propionibacterium) acnes.375\
\
Omadacycline also has in\'a0vitro activity against many clinically relevant anaerobic bacteria. In a study of 186 isolates, omadacycline activity was found to be similar to that of tigecycline, with MIC90 values of 1 to 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL against Bacteroides spp.; 0.5 \u956 g/mL against C. difficile, Prevotella spp., and P. asaccharolytica; 1 \u956 g/mL against Peptostreptococcus spp.; and 16 \u956 g/mL against Clostridium perfringens.381\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Eravacycline was found to have MIC50/90 values of 1/2 \uc0\u956 g/mL against Legionella pneumophilia with a range of 0.016 to 2 \u956 g/mL.375 In a study of 134 isolates of M. genitalium, M. hominis, M. pneumoniae, Ureaplasma parvum, and U. urealyticum, eravacycline MICs were \u8804  0.25 \u956 g/mL for most isolates.382 Eravacycline was more potent than all comparator agents (tetracycline, azithromycin, moxifloxacin, and clindamycin).\
\
Omadacycline is also active against atypical bacteria. In a study of 100 isolates of L. pneumophila, omadacycline demonstrated relative intracellular penetrance comparable to other antibiotics used for CABP treatment.383 Omadacycline is active against M. pneumoniae, M. Page 345hominis, and Ureaplasma spp. regardless of macrolide, tetracycline, or fluoroquinolone resistance.384 Omadacycline also has activity against C. pneumoniae comparable to doxycycline, azithromycin, moxifloxacin, and levofloxacin.385\
\
TABLE 25.5\
\
Overview of the MIC50 and MIC90 Ranges for Various Species That Are Clinically Relevant for Eravacycline and Omadacycline Use\
Eravacycline	Omadacycline\
MIC50 (\uc0\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	RANGE (\u956 g/mL)	MIC50 (\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	RANGE (\u956 g/mL)\
Gram-Positive Aerobic Bacteria\
Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-susceptible	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5	0.12	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'962\
S. aureus, methicillin-resistant	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'964	0.12	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'968\
Staphylococcus epidermidis	0.06	0.25	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5	0.06	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'960.5\
Coagulase-negative Staphylococci (all)				0.12	1	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'962\
Enterococcus faecalis	0.06	0.06	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.12	0.12	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'964\
Enterococcus faecium, vancomycin-susceptible	0.06	0.06	0.03\'960.5	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'961\
E. faecium, vancomycin-resistant	0.06	0.06	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.25	0.12	0.5	\u8804 0.015\'968\
Streptococcus pyogenes	0.03	0.03	\uc0\u8804 0.004\'960.12	0.06	0.12	\u8804 0.015\'960.5\
Streptococcus agalactiae	0.03	0.03	0.008\'960.06	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5\
Streptococcus pneumoniae (all)	0.015	0.015	\uc0\u8804 0.004\'960.03	0.06	.012	\u8804 0.015\'961\
Streptococcus pneumoniae, penicillin-resistant	0.008	0.015	\uc0\u8804 0.008\'960.03	0.06	0.12	\u8804 0.015\'961\
Gram-Negative Aerobic Bacteria\
Acinetobacter baumannii	0.5	1	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'968	2	8	0.06 to >32\
Citrobacter spp.				1	4	0.25 to >32\
Citrobacter freundii	0.25	0.5	0.06\'962	1	4	0.5\'9616\
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes	0.25	1	0.12\'962			\
Enterobacter cloacae	0.5	1	0.06\'968	2	4	0.25 to >32\
Enterobacter spp. (noncloacae)				2	4	0.06 to >32\
Escherichia coli (all)	0.25	0.5	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'964	0.5	2	0.12\'9632\
Escherichia coli ESBL+	0.25	0.5	0.03\'962	1	4	0.12 to >32\
Haemophilus influenza	0.12	0.25	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5	1	1	0.12\'9616\
Klebsiella oxytoca	0.25	1	0.03\'962	1	4	0.25\'9632\
Klebsiella pneumoniae (all)	0.5	1	0.03\'9616	2	8	0.12 to >32\
Klebsiella pneumoniae ESBL+	0.5	1	0.13\'968	2	8	0.25 to >32\
Klebsiella pneumoniae CARB\'96I/R	0.5	2	0.13\'9616			\
Moraxella catarrhalis	0.03	0.06	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.6	0.12	0.25	0.06\'961\
Morganella morganii	1	2	0.5\'964			\
Neisseria gonorrhoeae	0.13	0.25	0.06\'960.5	2	4	0.25\'964\
Proteus mirabilis (all)	1	2	0.25\'9616	16	>32	1 to >32\
Proteus mirabilis\
CARB-I/R\
1	4	0.25\'9616			\
Pseudomonas aeruginosa	8	16	0.06\'9664	32	128	1\'96128\
Salmonella spp.	0.25	0.25	0.12\'960.5	2	4	0.12\'9616\
Serratia marcescens	1	2	0.25\'968	4	8	0.5 to >32\
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	0.5	1	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'968	2	8	0.25 to >32\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Bacteroides fragilis	0.25	2	0.06\'962	0.5	4	0.25\'9616\
Bacteroides ovatus	0.5	4	0.015\'968	0.5	8	0.06 to >16\
Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron	0.5	1	0.12\'964	1	4	0.12\'9616\
Clostridioides difficile	0.06	0.12	0.03\'960.25	0.25	0.5	0.12\'968\
Clostridium perfringens	0.5	1	0.06\'964	4	16	0.12\'9616\
Fusobacterium spp.	0.12	0.25	0.03\'960.25	0.25	0.25	0.25\'961\
Peptostreptococcus spp.	0.06	0.25	0.015\'960.5	0.12	1	0.06\'962\
CARB-I/R, Carbapenem intermediate or resistant isolates; ESBL, extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
Modified from Zhanel GG, et\'a0al. Review of eravacycline, a novel fluorocycline antibacterial agent. Drugs. 2016;76(5):567\'96588; and Zhanel GG, et\'a0al. Omadacycline: a novel oral and intravenous aminomethylcycline antibiotic agent. Drugs. 2020;80(3):285\'96313.\
\
Mycobacteria\
In a study of 60 isolates of rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM), of which 
\f1 \uc0\u8764 
\f0 70% were tetracycline resistant, eravacycline was active against all species tested with MIC50 ranges of \uc0\u8804 0.015 to 0.5 and \u8804 0.015 to 0.12 \u956 g/mL for 100% and 80% inhibition, respectively.386 RGM isolates included in this study were M. abscessus subsp. abscessus, M. abscessus subsp. massiliense, M. chelonae, M. immunogenum, M. fortuitum group, and M. mucogenicum group. Eravacycline displayed higher MICs against 50 slowly growing mycobacteria (SGM) species isolates, including 16 M. avium complex (MAC) isolates. The eravacycline MICs were higher (MIC range >8 \u956 g/mL), except for M. kansasii and M. marinum (MIC50 values of 1 \u956 g/mL).386Page 346\
\
In a similar study, omadacycline was tested against 111 isolates of nontuberculous mycobacteria, including 70 isolates of RGM of which >90% were tetracycline resistant.387 Omadacycline was active against all RGM species tested (M. abscessus subsp. abscessus, M. abscessus subsp. massiliense, M. chelonae, M. immunogenum, M. fortuitum group, and M. mucogenicum group), with MIC50 ranges of 0.004 to 0.25 and 0.06 to 1 \uc0\u956 g/mL for 80% and 100% inhibition, respectively. Against SGM, including MAC, omadacycline MICs were higher (MIC range, 8 to >16 \u956 g/mL; n = 41).387\
\
Clinical Uses\
General\
\
Eravacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of adults with cIAIs, whereas omadacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP in adults. Both agents have drawn interest in off-label usages because of their extended spectrum of activity.\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Omadacycline is FDA approved for CABP in adults based on the results of a phase III double-blind randomized controlled trial,388 in which patients with a pneumonia severity index risk class of II, III, or IV were randomized to either omadacycline (100 mg IV every 12 hours for two doses, then 100 mg IV every 24 hours) or moxifloxacin (400 mg IV every 24 hours) with an optional oral transition (omadacycline 300 mg every 24 hours or moxifloxacin 400 mg every 24 hours) after 3 days of IV treatment. Omadacycline was noninferior to moxifloxacin for early clinical response (ECR) at days 3 to 5 (81.1% and 82.7%, respectively), and the rates of investigator-assessed clinical response at the posttreatment evaluation (PTE) 5 to 10 days after the last drug dose were 87.6% and 85.1%, respectively. Gastrointestinal events were common in both groups (10.2% and 18%, respectively). All eight patients that developed C. difficile were among the moxifloxacin group. The mortality rate was 2.1% in the omadacycline group compared with 1% in the moxifloxacin group. All deaths occurred in patients > 65 years of age, and the cause of mortality imbalance was not established.\
\
Although eravacycline has not been FDA approved for any respiratory tract infection, it has been used and studied retrospectively. In an observational, retrospective cohort study of 93 patients with difficult-to-treat A. baumannii pneumonia, patients receiving eravacycline were compared with those receiving best available therapy.389 Eravacycline failed to show improved outcomes over best previously available therapy, and was associated with higher 30-day mortality (33% vs. 15%; P = .048), lower microbiologic cure (17% vs. 59%; P = .004), and longer durations of mechanical ventilation (10.5 vs. 6.5 days; P = .016). These findings may have been driven by significantly more patients with A. baumannii bacteremia and coinfection with SARS-CoV-2 at baseline in the group that received eravacycline. All 4 patients with bacteremia that received eravacycline died by day 30, which raises concern for the utility of eravacycline for treatment of bloodstream infections. Other smaller data sets without comparator groups have found clinical success using eravacycline for pneumonia.390-392\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Omadacycline is FDA approved for ABSSSI based on two phase III double-blind randomized controlled trials comparing omadacycline to linezolid.393,394 The first one enrolled a global population and randomized patients to receive omadacycline (100 mg IV every 12 hours for two doses, then 100 mg IV every 24 hours) or linezolid (600 mg IV every 12 hours) with an option to transition to oral therapy (omadacycline 300 mg every 24 hours or linezolid 600 mg every 12 hours) after 3 days. The second trial was conducted in the US and randomized patients to receive either oral omadacycline (450 mg every 24 hours over the first 48 hours then 300 mg every 24 hours) or oral linezolid (600 mg every 12 hours). In both studies, omadacycline was noninferior to linezolid with a similar safety profile. In an integrated analysis of the two studies, omadacycline was noninferior to linezolid using the FDA primary endpoint of ECR at 48 to 72 hours (86.2% vs. 83.9%%, respectively) and using the European Medicines Agency primary endpoint of investigator-assessed clinical response at the PTE in the modified intent-to-treat population (85.1% vs. 82.1%, respectively).395 The most common treatment-emergent adverse event in the omadacycline group was nausea (21.9% compared with 8.7% getting linezolid) and vomiting (11.4% compared with 3.9% getting linezolid). The higher rates of nausea and vomiting were associated with the oral 450-mg loading dose during the first 2 days of the second trial.\
\
Published efficacy of eravacycline for skin and skin structure infections is limited to successful reports from small, retrospective case series without comparator groups.390-392\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Eravacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of cIAIs based on the results of two phase III randomized controlled clinical trials. In the first trial, hospitalized patients with cIAIs requiring surgical or percutaneous intervention were randomized to receive either eravacycline 1 mg/kg every 12 hours or ertapenem 1 g every 24 hours for a minimum of 4 days.396 For the microbiological intent-to-treat population, the rates of clinical cure were 86.8% in the eravacycline group and 87.6% in the ertapenem group, meeting the prespecified noninferiority margin. Both drugs were well tolerated. In the second trial, hospitalized patients were randomized to either eravacycline 1 mg/kg every 12 hours or meropenem 1 g every 8 hours IV for 4 to 14 days.397 Eravacycline was found to be noninferior to meropenem for the primary endpoint of clinical cure after 25 to 31 days from start of therapy (90.8% vs. 92.1%, respectively). Clinical cure rates were also similar in the subset of 29 patients with ESBL-producing Enterobacterales for eravacycline compared with meropenem (87.5% vs. 84.6%, respectively). Adverse event rates for eravacycline were low (<5%) and mainly gastrointestinal in nature.\
\
Other Uses\
In two separate phase III clinical trials for the treatment of cUTIs, eravacycline (given IV before eligibility for an oral transition) did not achieve noninferiority to comparator agents (levofloxacin and ertapenem).398,399 As a result of these trials, eravacycline includes a limitation of use in its package insert that it is not indicated for the treatment of cUTIs.361\
\
Omadacycline was evaluated in a post-hoc analysis of 63 patients with secondary bacteremia enrolled in the three phase III clinical trials of ABSSSI and CABP.400 The clinical success at ECR of omadacycline versus comparator agents was 64.3% (18/28) and 85.7% (30/35), respectively, and the clinical success at PTE of omadacycline versus comparator agents was 75% (21/28) and 82.9% (29/35), respectively.\
\
In a case series of omadacycline use in multidrug-resistant and extensively drug-resistant gram-negative infections, clinical success occurred in 6/9 (66.7%) cases.401 The majority of infections were bone/joint (clinical success in 4/5) and the most commonly isolated pathogen was carbapenem-resistant A. baumannii (clinical success in 4/5). Omadacycline may also have a role for the treatment of M. abscessus based on a few small cases series.402,403\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Similar to tigecycline, both eravacycline and omadacycline were designed to overcome common mechanisms of tetracycline resistance such as efflux pumps and RPPs. In a study of E. coli cells expressing recombinant tetracycline resistance genes, the MIC values of eravacycline were minimally affected by common efflux pump (tet(A), tet(B), tet(K)) and RPP (tet(M)) tetracycline resistance genes.380 The expression of adeB efflux gene in A. baumannii correlates with eravacycline MICs.404 Omadacycline is also minimally affected by efflux pumps and RPPs, but may be impacted by drug degradation and 16S rRNA mutations that decrease the affinity of the drug to the ribosome.405,406\
\
Adverse Reactions\
Based on phase III clinical trial data, the most common side effects of eravacycline were infusion site reactions (7.7%), nausea (6.5%) and vomiting (3.7%).396,397 Other adverse reactions reported in 1% to 3% of patients were diarrhea, hypotension, and wound dehiscence. Both eravacycline and comparator groups had 2% of patients discontinue treatment because of adverse events. For eravacycline, this was most commonly due to gastrointestinal disorders.Page 347\
\
Similarly, the most common adverse reactions of omadacycline seen in phase III clinical trials were also gastrointestinal in nature. Nausea occurred more frequently when omadacycline was given as an oral loading dose (30%) compared with IV-to-oral switch trials (2.4%\'9612%).388,393,394 Vomiting also was more frequent with an oral loading dose (17%) compared with IV-to-oral switch (2.6%\'965%). Other adverse events that occurred in 2% to 5% of patients included infusion site reactions, elevated alanine and aspartate aminotransferases, elevated gamma-glutamyl transferase, hypertension, headache, diarrhea, insomnia, and constipation. Omadacycline and comparator agents had similar rates of serious adverse reactions (3.6% vs. 3.6%, respectively) and discontinuation because of adverse reactions (3.1% vs. 3.4%, respectively). In the clinical trial for CABP, 8 deaths (2%) occurred in the group that received omadacycline compared with 4 deaths (1%) in the group that received moxifloxacin.388 All 12 deaths occurred in patients over 65 years of age with various causes including progression of underlying pneumonia or respiratory compromise, HAP, cardiac or vascular events, and cancer. The cause of mortality imbalance has not been established, and it is recommended that those at higher risk for mortality be closely monitored. The FDA has required a postmarketing study from the pharmaceutical manufacturer and added a package insert warning for the mortality imbalance.362 In the two phase III clinical trials for ABSSSI, 1 death (0.1%) was reported in the groups that received omadacycline compared with 3 deaths (0.4%) in the groups that received linezolid. No death was determined to be related to the study treatment.393,394\
\
Breastfeeding is not recommended while on either agent. Both drugs carry warning labels for permanent tooth discoloration and enamel hypoplasia, and reversible inhibition of bone growth if used during the second and third trimesters of pregnancy and during childhood up to age 8.361,362\
\
Drug and Food Interactions\
Concomitant administration with rifampin reduces total eravacycline exposure by approximately 25% to 35% and increases clearance by approximately 50%.374 Thus, the dose of eravacycline should be increased to 1.5 mg/kg every 12 hours when coadministered with a strong CYP3A inducer, such as rifampin or phenytoin.\
\
In a phase 1 study, omadacycline bioavailability was reduced by 15% to 17% by a nondairy meal 4 hours before dosing, 40% to 42% by a nondairy meal 2 hours before dosing, and 59% to 63% for a dairy meal 2 hours before dosing.407 Similar to other tetracyclines, omadacycline absorption is impaired by antacids containing aluminum, calcium, or magnesium; bismuth subsalicylate; and iron-containing preparations. Thus, it is recommended that oral dosing be given with water after fasting for at least 4 hours, and to avoid food or drink (except water) for 2 hours and dairy products, antacids, or multivitamins for 4 hours after dosing.362 Omadacycline is unlikely to be affected by other drugs that inhibit or induce enzymatic and/or transport pathways.369\
\
Both drugs have similar label warnings for patients who are on anticoagulant therapy that they may require downward adjustments of anticoagulant dosing while on these agents.\
\
Newer Tetracycline Derivatives\
Tigecycline\
\
Glycylcyclines are a novel class of antibacterial drugs that have been developed to combat the emergence of antibiotic-resistant organisms, including those resistant to conventional tetracyclines. Tigecycline is the first member of the class to be approved by the FDA in 2005. Page 339It was originally approved for the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections (cSSSIs) and cIAIs based on noninferiority studies.256,257 In 2009, tigecycline was approved for the treatment of CABP based on comparable cure rates in patients treated with levofloxacin.258,259 Tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic and is active in\'a0vitro against a broad range of antibiotic-resistant aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The FDA issued a warning regarding an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections based on the pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable.261 In general, the deaths appear related to worsening or complications of the infection or underlying comorbidities. Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP) trial, particularly those with ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
TABLE 25.3\
\
Significant Food-Drug and Drug-Drug Interactions With Tetracyclines\
Interacting Agent	Effect	Comments\
Food	Tetracycline	\
Food may reduce absorption by 50%	Bioavailability is 60%\'9680% when taken on an empty stomach\
Doxycycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Minocycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Divalent or trivalent cations: aluminum, calcium, magnesium, iron, zinc	Significant reduction of all tetracycline absorption	Should not be administered concurrently with foods or drugs containing divalent or trivalent cations (i.e., antacids, sucralfate, didanosine, multivitamins)\
Kaolin and pectin	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	\
Bismuth subsalicylate	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	Separate administration of tetracycline from divalent or trivalent cations by 2hours\
Sodium bicarbonate	May decrease absorption of tetracycline	\
Cimetidine	Decreased tetracycline absorption	Effect not clinically significant\
Carbamazepine, phenytoin, barbiturates	Decreased half-life of doxycycline	Increases hepatic metabolism\
Chronic ethanol ingestion	Decreased half-life of doxycycline but not tetracycline	Possible mechanism: induction of hepatic microsomal enzymes\
Methoxyflurane or fluorinated anesthetic	Nephrotoxicity when administered with tetracycline agents	\
Diuretics	Increased blood urea nitrogen	Volume depletion may increase the nephrotoxic effects of tetracycline by unknown mechanisms\
Oral anticoagulants	Increased risk of bleeding	Tetracyclines may impair utilization of prothrombin and may decrease vitamin K production by intestinal bacteria; tigecycline decreases warfarin clearance, although a study found no effect in healthy volunteers\
Oral contraceptives	Reduced levels when administered with tetracyclines	\
Women should use an additional (mechanical) form of birth control\
Possible mechanism: reduction in bacterial hydrolysis of conjugated estrogen in the intestine\
Antiinfectives	May reduce antimicrobial activity of aminoglycosides and penicillins	\
Rare reports of in\'a0vitro antagonism\
Some clinicians recommend that the drugs not be used concomitantly\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Tigecycline is a semisynthetic derivative of minocycline. It has an N-alkyl-glycylamido moiety attached to the 9-position of minocycline.263 (See Fig. 25.1 for molecular structure.) The design is based on the premise that a peptide substituent would enhance ribosomal permeation and binding. The 9-glycyl substitution results in steric hindrance that enables tigecycline to overcome the two major types of tetracycline resistance: tetracycline-specific efflux pumps and ribosomal protection.264\
\
Tigecycline\'92s antibacterial mechanism of action is similar to that of older tetracyclines. It works by inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis by binding to bacterial 30S ribosomal subunits, ultimately blocking entry of aminoacyl transfer RNA molecules into the A site of the ribosome. This prevents amino acids from incorporating into elongating peptide chains, thus inhibiting protein synthesis.264,265 Like other tetracyclines, tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic because its interaction with the ribosome is reversible.8 Because glycylcyclines bind five times more strongly to the ribosome than tetracyclines, they are able to overcome the ribosomal protection mechanism of the tetracycline resistome.266,267\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Tigecycline is available only in intravenous formulation owing to its poor oral absorption. The recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by 50 mg every 12 hours. Infusions should be administered over approximately 30 to 60 minutes. According to the package insert, the recommended duration of treatment for cSSSIs or for cIAIs is 5 to 14 days. The recommended duration for treatment of CABP is 7 to 14 days. It has not been studied in children younger than 18.268\
\
In patients with renal impairment, no dose adjustment is necessary. In a pooled pharmacokinetic evaluation of tigecycline in healthy adult volunteers and in those with renal impairment, tigecycline had mostly linear pharmacokinetics across all dose ranges. Tigecycline is also not significantly removed by hemodialysis.269\
\
In patients with mild-to-moderate hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh A and B), no dose adjustment is necessary. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh C), the recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by a reduced maintenance dose of 25 mg every 12 hours. These patients should be treated with caution and monitored closely. In a study looking at various stages of liver dysfunction, patients with moderate liver disease had systemic clearance reduced by 25%, and the half-life was increased by 23%. In patients with severe liver disease, systemic clearance was decreased by 55% and the half-life was increased by 43%.270\
\
There do not appear to be any significant differences in tigecycline pharmacokinetic parameters on the basis of age, sex, or weight. Therefore, no dose adjustment appears necessary.271Page 340\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Tigecycline has limited oral bioavailability, hence it is available only in IV preparations. Food does not significantly alter pharmacokinetics and may reduce the nausea and vomiting seen as a side effect. The half-life of tigecycline ranges from 37 to 67 hours.272\
\
Drug Distribution\
In\'a0vitro plasma protein binding of tigecycline is 71% to 89%, and the volume of distribution is 7 to 10 L/kg, indicating extensive distribution into the tissues.272 In a 100-mg single-dose study of patients undergoing elective surgery or a medical procedure for tissue extraction, various tissue concentrations were measured. The respective mean and median concentration values of tigecycline in serum immediately after the end of a 100-mg infusion were 1.94 and 1.32 mg/L. Subsequent serum concentrations of tigecycline gradually declined to mean values of 0.22, 0.19, 0.11, and 0.07 mg/L at approximately 4, 8, 12, and 24 hours, respectively. Tissue penetration, expressed as the ratio of area under the curve (AUC)0\'9624h in tissue or body fluid to serum, was 537 for bile, 23 for gallbladder, 2.6 for colon, 2.0 for lung, 0.41 for bone, 0.31 for synovial fluid, and 0.11 for CSF.273 In a separate study of subjects without infections undergoing elective orthopedic procedures, multiple doses of tigecycline were shown to result in bone-to-serum ratios of approximately 4.77, showing penetration into bone.274 After standard dosing to 33 healthy volunteers, the tigecycline AUC0\'9612h in alveolar cells was 78-fold higher than the AUC0\'9612h in the serum. In epithelial lining fluid, the AUC0\'9612h was about 32% higher than in the serum.268,273 In the urine, after a 100-mg dose of tigecycline, urinary concentrations were about 0.3 \uc0\u956 g/mL.275 Clinical trials in urinary tract infections were abandoned on precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 Like the earlier-generation tetracyclines, tigecycline displays a time-dependent killing pattern and exhibits a considerable postantibiotic effect.277\
\
Drug Elimination\
The primary route of elimination for tigecycline is biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline and its metabolites. Using radiolabeled carbon-14 (14C)-tigecycline, studies have shown elimination primarily by the liver via biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline in the feces (59%). Glucuronidation and renal excretion of unchanged tigecycline are secondary routes. Thirty-two percent of tigecycline is eliminated in the urine.272,278\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Tigecycline has antibacterial activity against a wide variety of aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.4.Page 341\
\
TABLE 25.4\
\
Overview of the MIC50 and MIC90 Ranges, and the Wild-Type Cutoff Values for Various Species That Are Clinically Relevant for Tigecycline Use\
MIC50 (\uc0\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	Range (\u956 g/mL)	Eucast Wild-Type Cutoff\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'961	0.25\
S. aureus, methicillin-susceptible	0.12	0.12\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'961	0.25\
Staphylococcus epidermidis, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	0.5\
S. epidermidis, methicillin-susceptible	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'962	0.5\
Enterococcus faecalis, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
Enterococcus faecium, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
E. faecium, vancomycin-resistant	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.12		0.25\
Streptococcus pyogenes	0.06	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	0.125\
Streptococcus agalactiae	0.03\'960.06	0.12\'960.25	0.03\'961	0.25\
Streptococcus pneumoniae	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	\u8804 0.06\'961	0.125\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Enterobacterales	0.5	1	0.04\'9616	\'97\
Enterobacter spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.06\'968	\'97\
Enterobacter cloacae	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.5\'9616	2\
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.06\'9616	2\
Escherichia coli	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.03\'964	1\
Haemophilus influenzae	0.12\'960.5	0.25\'961	\uc0\u8804 0.008\'962	1\
Klebsiella spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.5\'968	2 (K. pneumoniae)\
Klebsiella pneumoniae ESBL+	1	2	0.12\'968	\'97\
Moraxella catarrhalis	0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.5	0.125\
Morganella morganii	2	4	1\'968	8\
Proteus spp.	4	4\'968	1\'9616	4/8\
Serratia spp.	1\'962	1\'964	0.5\'9616	4\
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	0.38\'961	1.5\'964	0.25\'968	4\
Pseudomonas aeruginosa	8\'9616	16 to \uc0\u8805 32	0.12\'9664	64\
Acinetobacter spp.	0.5\'963	1\'966	0.03\'968	\'97\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Bacteroides fragilis group	0.5\'961	0.5\'968	0.06\'9632	\'97\
Clostridioides difficile (formerly Clostridium difficile)	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	\'97\
Clostridium perfringens	0.12	1	0.06\'962	\'97\
Fusobacterium spp.	0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.25	\'97\
Peptostreptococcus spp.	0.06	0.06\'960.125	0.06\'960.12	\
ESBL, Extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; EUCAST, European Committee on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
From Nabuurs-Franssen M, Mouton JW. Tigecycline. In: Grayson ML, ed. Kucers\'92 The Use of Antibiotics. 6th ed. CRC Press; 2010:881\'96892.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against many Staphylococcus, Enterococcus, and Streptococcus species, including organisms resistant to many other classes of antibiotics. Among S. aureus, tigecycline has shown potent activity among both MSSA and MRSA strains.279-281 Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against community-associated MRSA strains as seen in a study of 1989 isolates with a susceptibility rate of 98.2%.282 In a European survey of common skin and skin structure pathogens, all MRSA isolates were susceptible to tigecycline.283\'a0Staphylococcus epidermidis has also been shown to be susceptible to tigecycline, including strains that are erythromycin resistant.284\
\
Tigecycline is also highly active against Enterococcus spp., including strains resistant to vancomycin. In a study of 97 vancomycin-resistant isolates, tigecycline was equally active against all VanA, VanB, and VanC phenotypes of glycopeptide resistance of enterococci.285 In the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) program, which took place from 2004 to 2009 and looked at various antimicrobials against Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium, all 2068 isolates of E. faecalis were susceptible to tigecycline in various European countries. Only 2 out of 893 (0.2%) of E. faecium isolates were resistant to tigecycline.286 In a Korean study, 4 out of 2005 (0.2%) of vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) isolates were resistant to tigecycline.287\
\
Streptococci have also been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline, including bloodstream isolates of viridans-group streptococcal species.288 Tigecycline has also shown excellent activity against \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci.289 Tigecycline was two- to fourfold more active than comparator agents against all 435 isolates of S. pneumoniae studied in the global TEST program, including those that were penicillin resistant and penicillin intermediate. Against the penicillin-susceptible S. pneumoniae isolates, tigecycline was less active than \u946 -lactam agents.290 In another study, tigecycline was noted to be bactericidal against 11 of 12 strains of S. pneumoniae.291\
\
Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against L. monocytogenes and coryneform bacteria.292\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Tigecycline has good activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of most strains of Proteus spp., Providencia spp., and Morganella spp.289,293,294 Enterobacterales that have developed resistance to tetracycline are susceptible to tigecycline because it remains stable and largely unaffected by the commonly occurring efflux and ribosomal protection resistance mechanisms. In a large global study, tetracycline-resistant populations demonstrated only modest decreases in potency to tigecycline, which appeared to be species dependent (up to twofold only for E. coli, Salmonella spp., Shigella spp., and Pantoea agglomerans and up to fourfold for Klebsiella spp., Enterobacter spp., and Citrobacter spp.).295 Other resistance mechanisms, such as extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase (ESBL) production, AmpC derepression, carbapenemase production, and resistance phenotypes, such as fluoroquinolone resistance, fluoroquinolone/ampicillin resistance, fluoroquinolone/TMP-SMX resistance, and multidrug resistance, do not have an influence on the MIC value of tigecycline.295-299\
\
Tigecycline has good activity against most lactose-nonfermenting gram-negative bacilli with the notable exception of P. aeruginosa. It remains one of the most active agents against Acinetobacter spp.290,293,300 Although most studies have noted a high level of Acinetobacter spp. susceptibility to tigecycline, one study in Israel noted that of 82 isolates, 66% were resistant, 12% were intermediate, and just 22% were susceptible to tigecycline.301 In the United States, most antimicrobial agents have shown reduced susceptibility to A. baumannii over recent years, including tigecycline.300\'a0S. maltophilia has been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline in\'a0vitro. In a large global survey of 1586 isolates, 95.5% were susceptible to tigecycline, which was second only to TMP-SMX (96%).302\
\
In another global study, 1220 strains of H. influenzae, 495 strains of Moraxella catarrhalis, and 17 strains of N. meningitidis were all susceptible to tigecycline.303\'a0Brucella melitensis is highly susceptible to tigecycline both in\'a0vitro and in blood and bone marrow cultures of adult patients with acute brucellosis.304-306 Tigecycline has reduced activity against B. cepacia.267\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against most gram-positive and gram-negative anaerobes. In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline were tested against 831 isolates of the B. fragilis group representing all of the species within the group. Tigecycline was more active than clindamycin, minocycline, and cefoxitin and less active than imipenem or piperacillin-tazobactam against all isolates of the B. fragilis group.307 In the European TEST program looking at Bacteroides, Prevotella, Anaerococcus, Clostridium, Finegoldia, and Peptostreptococcus spp., the lowest MIC values were noted for meropenem and tigecycline. Of note, tigecycline showed the lowest MIC90 against C. difficile (0.25 mg/L).308\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Tigecycline is highly active against C. pneumoniae, C. trachomatis, M. pneumoniae, and M. hominis.85,309 It is less active against U. urealyticum than tetracycline, with an MIC90 of 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL.309 In a guinea pig model, tigecycline was shown to be as effective as erythromycin against L. pneumophila, but the drug was inactivated by test medium that confounded susceptibility data. Tigecycline prevented death in the study, but treated guinea pigs were noted to have residual bacterial concentrations in the lungs, suggesting that tigecycline may not be the drug of choice for severe legionnaires\'92 disease, and prolonged therapy would be required.310\
\
Mycobacteria and Nocardia\
The rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM) appear to be highly susceptible to tigecycline. In two separate studies, every RGM isolate, mostly consisting of M. fortuitum, M. abscessus, and M. chelonae, was susceptible to tigecycline.97,311 All slowly growing nontuberculous mycobacteria, including M. avium complex, Mycobacterium lentiflavum, M. marinum, and M. kansasii, are resistant to tigecycline.97 The in\'a0vitro activity against M. tuberculosis appears poor.312 Tigecycline has modest activity against Nocardia spp., with an MIC90 of 4 \uc0\u956 g/mL. By comparison, minocycline has an MIC90 of 2 \u956 g/mL.103\
\
Clinical Uses\
Tigecycline is currently FDA approved for three indications: treatment of cSSSIs, cIAIs, and CABP. It is also used off-label for many other disease processes.\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Several clinical studies have compared tigecycline versus a combination of vancomycin and aztreonam for up to 14 days for the treatment of skin and skin structure infections. Similar results have been seen across studies that have shown tigecycline to be noninferior. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, tests of cure were between 73.3% and 84.3% for tigecycline and between 66.6% and 86.9% for the vancomycin-aztreonam group. Tests of cure for the clinically evaluable populations were 78.6% to 89.8% and 75.8% to 95%, respectively. Increased nausea and vomiting was consistently seen in the tigecycline group, whereas rash and elevated transaminases were consistently seen in the vancomycin-aztreonam group.256,313-316 In the largest study, no differences were noted in clinical cure rates in patients who were bacteremic (86% vs. 87.5%). Tigecycline had equal efficacy in patients with monomicrobial and polymicrobial infections.256\
\
In a phase III, randomized, double-blind trial conducted in subjects with diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, a 150-mg once-daily regimen of tigecycline did not meet criteria for noninferiority compared with ertapenem with or without vancomycin.317\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Tigecycline is an attractive option to treat cIAIs because its broad spectrum of activity is favorable against a potentially polymicrobial infection. In two large studies of cIAIs, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for 5 to 14 days of treatment. Complicated appendicitis was the most common infection, followed by complicated cholecystitis. The most common organisms were E. coli, Streptococcus anginosus group, and B. fragilis. Acute Physiology and Chronic Page 342Health Evaluation (APACHE) II scores were similar, and less than 4% of patients had scores over 15. Clinical cure rates were 86.1% for tigecycline and 86.2% for imipenem-cilastatin, meeting noninferiority criteria. There was no difference in cure rates between the two therapies for monomicrobial versus polymicrobial infections. Clinical cure rates for bacteremia were also similar (82% vs. 80%, respectively). Nausea and vomiting were more frequent in the tigecycline group.257,318\
\
Two other studies have compared tigecycline with a combination of ceftriaxone plus metronidazole for cIAIs. Clinical cure rates were between 70.4% and 81.8% in the tigecycline group and 74.3% and 79.4% in the ceftriaxone-metronidazole group, again displaying noninferiority.319,320\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Tigecycline has been approved for the treatment of CABP. It has been compared with levofloxacin in multiple studies with treatment durations between 7 and 14 days and Fine Pneumonia Severity Index scores typically from II to IV. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, test-of-cure results were between 78.7% and 84.4% for tigecycline and between 77.8% and 82.1% for the levofloxacin group. Test-of-cure results for the clinically evaluable populations were 88.9% and 90.6% and 85.3% and 87.2%, respectively. All trials met noninferiority criteria for tigecycline. As with other clinical trials, more patients tended to have nausea and vomiting in the tigecycline groups.258,259,321,322\
\
Tigecycline has also been looked at for treating VAP and HAP. In a retrospective review of 117 patients with VAP treated with tigecycline, 74 (63%) were determined by the physician to have clinical success. About half of the patients had a microbiologic diagnosis, and of those the most common organisms were Acinetobacter spp. (69%) and MRSA (22%). Eighty-four percent of the cases with Acinetobacter spp. were carbapenem resistant. Global mortality proportion was 33%.323 In a phase III randomized controlled trial involving 945 patients, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for the treatment of HAP. Cure rates were 67.9% for tigecycline and 78.2% for imipenem-cilastatin in the clinically evaluable group and 62.7% and 67.6% in the clinical modified intention-to-treat group, respectively. A statistical interaction occurred between VAP and non-VAP subgroups, with significantly lower cure rates in tigecycline-treated VAP patients compared with imipenem; in non-VAP patients, tigecycline was noninferior to imipenem. Overall mortality did not differ between the tigecycline (14.1%) and imipenem-cilastatin regimens (12.2%), although more deaths occurred in VAP patients treated with tigecycline than imipenem-cilastin.324 In a subsequent phase II study, the safety and efficacy of two higher doses of tigecycline (150 mg followed by 75 mg every 12 hours or 200 mg followed by 100 mg every 12 hours) were compared with imipenem-cilastatin in participants with HAP. In the clinically evaluable population, the rate of clinical cure with tigecycline 100 mg (17/20, 85.0%) was numerically higher than with tigecycline 75 mg (16/23, 69.6%) and imipenem-cilastatin (18/24, 75.0%). No new safety signals with the high-dose tigecycline were identified.325\
\
Other Uses\
Tigecycline is also used for many off-label indications. In an early-use registry of 113 patients, 22% received tigecycline for approved indications and 78% for off-label indications (56% with scientific support and 22% with limited or no scientific support).326\
\
Although there are no randomized prospective trials looking at the use of tigecycline for bacteremia, secondary bacteremia in prior clinical trials has been analyzed. Pooled data from subjects enrolled for treatment of cSSSI, cIAI, or CAP presenting with bacteremia from seven double-blind and one open-label trial of tigecycline compared with vancomycin-aztreonam, imipenem-cilastatin, levofloxacin, vancomycin, or linezolid were analyzed. A total of 170 subjects were identified, and clinical cure rates were 81.3% and 78.5% for tigecycline and the comparator. Nine patients treated with tigecycline were noted to have persistent bacteremia, as compared with one in the comparator group.327 Tigecycline, in a solution with N-acetylcysteine and heparin, was evaluated as a catheter-lock solution for catheter salvage in patients with hemodialysis catheter-associated bacteremia. Eighteen case patients received the catheter-lock solution for 14 days plus systemic antibiotic therapy. Treatment was successful for 15 (83%) of the 18 case patients within 90 days of follow-up.328\
\
In critically ill patients who have developed bacterial infections with multidrug resistance, tigecycline remains an attractive option owing to its ability to maintain in\'a0vitro activity. A phase III, open-label, noncomparator study evaluated tigecycline in patients with selected serious infections caused by resistant gram-negative bacteria, patients with treatment failures who had received prior antimicrobial therapy, or patients unable to tolerate other appropriate antimicrobials. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, CAP, HAP, VAP, and bacteremia (including catheter-associated bacteremia). Clinical cure rate was 72.2%, and the microbiologic eradication rate was 66.7%.329 Another phase III study compared the safety and efficacy of tigecycline with vancomycin or linezolid in hospitalized patients with MRSA or VRE infections. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, pneumonia, and bacteremia. For MRSA infection, clinical cure rates in the microbiologically evaluable population (n = 117) were 81.4% (70/86 patients) with tigecycline and 83.9% (26/31 patients) with vancomycin. Most infections were cSSSIs. There were only 15 patients enrolled with VRE, and the authors were not able to draw any conclusions.330 In a report of 110 cancer patients who developed serious infections, 64% were noted to have a clinical response when treated with tigecycline (92% were treated in combination with an antipseudomonal agent). Interesting to note, more patients with bacteremia than pneumonia had clinical response (79% vs. 51%). Mortality rates of those with pneumonia were 44%, compared with 16% with bacteremia.331 The combination of piperacillin-tazobactam and tigecycline was found to be more effective than piperacillin-tazobactam alone in febrile, neutropenic hematologic patients with cancer in an epidemiologic setting characterized by a high rate of MDR microorganisms.332 In a prospective, observational study of adults with extensively drug-resistant A. baumannii bacteremia, increased 14-day mortality was observed with the combination of colistin-tigecycline compared with a colistin-carbapenem regimen. The excess mortality may have been restricted to the subgroup with higher tigecycline MICs (>2 \uc0\u956 g/mL).333 In a systematic review and meta-analysis, tigecycline, particularly when given in high-doses and in combination with other agents, was found to have similar efficacy to other antibiotics for treating carbapenem-resistant gram-negative bacterial infections.334\
\
Clinical trials that have looked at use of tigecycline for urinary tract infections were abandoned at precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 In a retrospective cohort study of carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae bacteriuria, tigecycline, polymyxin B, and an aminoglycoside were compared. The microbiologic clearance rate was 88% in the aminoglycoside cohort (n = 41), 64% in the polymyxin B cohort (n = 25), 43% in the tigecycline cohort (n = 21), and 36% in an untreated cohort.335 Success with tigecycline for treating MDR K. pneumoniae and A. baumannii urinary tract infection or urosepsis has been reported with use of higher than approved doses of tigecycline, with initial doses between 200 and 400 mg and subsequent maintenance doses of 100 to 200 mg every 24 hours.275\
\
Interest in using tigecycline for CDIs has arisen owing to its in\'a0vitro activity and high stool concentrations. Currently, no randomized controlled trials have evaluated tigecycline for the treatment of CDI. There have been multiple case reports of use of tigecycline (alone or in combination with other CDI therapies) for the treatment of CDI, with most having a successful outcome.336-338 In a retrospective case-control study of severe CDI, 18 patients who received tigecycline (along with other CDI therapies) were compared with 26 similarly ill patients who did not receive tigecycline. There was no difference with regard to CDI survival, rates of colectomy, or relapse rates.339 In a propensity-matched cohort study of 28 cases of CDI treated with tigecycline compared with 140 cases without tigecycline, 30-day mortality was not statistically different.340\
\
Limited data exist regarding use of tigecycline for bone and joint infections. In the previously mentioned phase III study in diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, clinical cure rates in the substudy were low (<36%) for a subset of tigecycline-treated patients with osteomyelitis.317 Other small cases series have reported varying degrees of success using tigecycline for osteomyelitis.341,342Page 343\
\
Treatment of infections with RGM can be difficult. The safety and efficacy of a tigecycline-containing regimen for salvage treatment of 52 patients with M. abscessus and M. chelonae was performed. Included patients had both lung and extrapulmonary infections. Tigecycline given for at least 1 month as part of a multidrug regimen resulted in improvement in over 60% of patients, including those with underlying cystic fibrosis, despite failure of prior antibiotic therapy. AEs were reported in over 90% of cases, the most common being nausea and vomiting.343\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Tigecycline remains active against bacteria that contain efflux-mediated resistance to tetracyclines. This is likely a result of the efflux pump\'92s ineffectiveness in transporting tigecycline out of the cell, or from the inability of tigecycline to induce efflux proteins.344,345 There is also currently no evidence of gene mutations coding for RPPs for the tet family (tet(M), tet(O), tet(S)) for reduced susceptibility to tigecycline.\
\
The most common intrinsic tigecycline resistance observed in Proteus mirabilis and Morganella morganii is drug recognition and upregulation by the AcrAB efflux pump.346,347 Overexpression of this pump is also associated with the development of resistance to other gram-negative bacteria. P. aeruginosa is intrinsically resistant to tigecycline as a result of the MexXY-OprM multidrug efflux pump.348 A novel plasmid-mediated multidrug-resistant RND family efflux pump, TMexCD1-TOprJ1, has been identified in carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae and other gram-negative bacilli including Pseudomonas spp. in China.349\
\
The overexpression of MepA, a novel MATE family efflux pump, may contribute to decreased activity of tigecycline against S. aureus.350\
\
Adverse Reactions\
Gastrointestinal Side Effects\
\
As with older tetracyclines, the most commonly reported adverse reactions to tigecycline are gastrointestinal in nature. As seen in multiple phase III clinical trials, nausea (26%) and vomiting (18%) were the most reported side effects.256,257,268,313,351 The majority of these symptoms (95%) were mild to moderate and occurred after 1 to 2 days of therapy. The side effects are dose related; 100 mg was the highest dose tolerated in fasting healthy participants, and 200 mg was the highest dose tolerated with food.272 However, the risk of side effects was found to be similar in a review of 134 patients given standard or high-dose regimens for VAP.352 Less reported side effects are anorexia, dry mouth, dysgeusia, and loose stool.296\
\
Hepatotoxicity and Pancreatitis\
Transient elevations in transaminases and alkaline phosphatase levels have been seen.353 In phase III clinical trials, the incidence of increased liver function test results was significantly lower with tigecycline than with comparator drugs.256,258 However, in a recent retrospective review of 397 patients treated with at least 7 days of tigecycline, the prevalence of drug-induced liver injury (DILI) was 10.3%.354 Independent risk factors for DILI were abnormal baseline alanine aminotransferase levels, intensive care unit admission, and treatment length. Case reports of mild tigecycline-induced acute pancreatitis have also been reported.355\
\
Other Side Effects\
Other side effects reported from clinical trials that have an incidence between 2% and 7% include (in descending order) infection, headache, anemia, hypoproteinemia, asthenia, phlebitis, elevated blood urea nitrogen (BUN), abnormal healing, dizziness, skin rash, pneumonia, and abscess formation.268\
\
Increased Mortality\
In 2010 the FDA issued a warning of an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections on the basis of pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In those studies, death occurred in 4% (150/3788) of patients receiving tigecycline and 3% (110/3646) of patients receiving comparator drugs. Based on a random effects model by trial weight, an adjusted risk difference of all-cause mortality was 0.6% (95% confidence interval, 0.1\'961.2) between tigecycline- and comparator-treated patients. Deaths were generally the result of worsening infection, complications of infections, or underlying comorbidities. Among indications, the mortality difference was not statistically significant. However, mortality in tigecycline-treated patients was numerically greater in every infection and considerably greater in VAP (19.1% vs. 12.3%). Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the HAP trial, particularly those with VAP with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable. After the 2010 warning was issued, data were analyzed from 10 clinical trials conducted only for FDA-approved uses (cSSSI, cIAI, CABP), including trials conducted after the drug was approved. This analysis showed a higher risk of death among patients receiving tigecycline compared with other antibacterial drugs: 2.5% (66/2640) versus 1.8% (48/2628), respectively. The adjusted risk difference for death was 0.6% with corresponding 95% confidence interval (0.0\'961.2).261\
\
Several meta-analyses prompted the FDA to look into the efficacy and safety of tigecycline. Depending on what clinical trials (published and unpublished) were included, results varied.356-358\
\
Drug Interactions\
In\'a0vitro studies in human liver microsomes have indicated that tigecycline is not a substrate, inhibitor, or inducer of common cytochrome P450 enzymes; therefore such pharmacokinetic drug interactions are unlikely.359 However, concomitant administration of tigecycline and warfarin in healthy participants resulted in a decrease in clearance of R-warfarin and S-warfarin by 40% and 23%, an increase in Cmax by 38% and 43%, and an increase in AUC by 68% and 29%, respectively.268 No significant effects of tigecycline on digoxin pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics were noted in a study of 20 healthy men.360\
\
Eravacycline and Omadacycline\
Two new tetracycline derivatives were approved by the FDA in late 2018. Eravacycline is a fluorocycline antibiotic and is FDA approved for cIAIs in adults.361 Omadacycline is an aminomethylcycline and is FDA approved for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP.362 Both drugs carry the same package insert label, which is to recommend that these two drugs should be used only to treat or prevent infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. This precaution is to reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of eravacycline and omadacycline and other antibacterial drugs.363 Eravacycline also has a label precaution that it is not indicated for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTIs). Omadacycline has an additional label precaution about the mortality imbalance in patients with CABP. In the CABP trial, a mortality rate of 2.1% was observed in omadacycline-treated patients compared with 0.8% in moxifloxacin-treated patients (P = .14).362 The cause of the mortality imbalance has not been established. Providers should closely monitor clinical response to therapy in CABP patients, particularly in those at higher risk for mortality.\
\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Eravacycline is a synthetic fluorocycline that is similar in structure to tigecycline but with two important tetracycline core modifications (see Fig 25.1). The dimethylamine moiety at C-7 is replaced by a fluorine atom and the 2-tertiary-butyl glycylamido moiety at C-9 is replaced by a pyrrolidinoacetamido group.364 Omadacycline is a semisynthetic aminomethylcycline that is also similar in structure to tigecycline but with an alkylaminomethyl group replacing the glycylamido group at the C-9 position (see Fig 25.1).365 Similar to other tetracyclines, eravacycline and omadacycline inhibit bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit.\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Eravacycline recommended dosing is 1 mg/kg by IV infusion over 60 minutes every 12 hours. No dose adjustment is required in patients Page 344with renal impairment. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child Pugh C), the dose should be reduced starting on day 2 to 1 mg/kg every 24 hours. With concomitant use of a strong CYP3A inducer, the dose should be increased to 1.5 mg/kg every 12 hours.361 Eravacycline dosed by actual body weight in obese patients (body mass index \uc0\u8805  30 kg/m2) has been shown to have therapeutic utility with an acceptable safety profile.366\
\
Omadacycline recommended dosing for ABSSSI and CABP is 200 mg by IV infusion over 60 minutes on day 1 (given once or divided into two 100-mg doses), followed by 100 mg IV daily or 300 mg orally daily. For ABSSSI treatment, loading doses can be done with 450 mg orally once daily on days 1 and 2, followed by 300 mg orally daily. No dose adjustment is recommended in patients with renal or hepatic impairment.362\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Based on a study of healthy males, the oral bioavailability of eravacycline is estimated to be 28% (range, 26%\'9632%) with a median time to maximum plasma concentration (tmax) value of 2 to 2.5 hours and maximum plasma concentration (Cmax) of 0.23 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 200-mg dose.367 The half-life after a single dose and multiple doses is 22 and 34 hours, respectively.364 However, development of an oral dose formulation for oral eravacycline has been discontinued.\
\
Omadacycline has an estimated bioavailability of 34.5% with a Cmax of 0.31 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 300-mg dose.368 The half-life is approximately 17.6 \'b1 1.45 hours.369\
\
Drug Distribution\
Eravacycline has a volume of distribution at steady state (Vss) of 3.3 to 4.2 L/kg and is 79% to 90% protein-bound.364 In a phase 1 study of healthy volunteers, the mean Cmax of eravacycline dosed 1 mg/kg every 12 hours for 7 doses was 1.29 \'b1 0.4 mg/L.370 The total AUC0-12h in plasma was 4.56 \'b1 0.94 mg\'b7h/L with an estimated free AUC0-12h value of 0.77 \'b1 0.14 mg\'b7h/L. The AUC0-12h in epithelial lining fluid (ELF) and alveolar macrophages was 4.93 mg\'b7h/L and 39.53 mg\'b7h/L, respectively, with an estimated penetration ratio to free plasma of 6.44 and 51.63.\
\
The Vss of omadacycline in healthy human subjects is 190 to 204 L.371,372 After the administration of 100 mg IV omadacycline, the Cmax is 1.92 to 2.12 mg/L.371,372 The protein binding in human plasma is 21.3%, which is lower than other tetracyclines.373 Omadacycline has good intrapulmonary penetration. The AUC24h values in ELF and alveolar cells in healthy human subjects were 17.2 mg\'b7h/L and 302.5 mg\'b7h/L, giving the AUC24h ratios relative to the free AUC24h in plasma of 1.47 and 25.8, respectively.371 These intrapulmonary concentrations were higher than healthy subjects treated with tigecycline.\
\
Drug Elimination\
After a single 60-mg IV dose of radiolabeled eravacycline, 47.8% of the dose was recovered in feces while renal excretion accounted for about 34% of the dose.374\
\
Elimination of omadacycline after a single 300-mg dose was found to be primarily fecal (81.1%) and less urinary excretion (14.4%).369\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Both eravacycline and omadacycline have very broad in\'a0vitro activity against gram-positive, gram-negative, and anaerobic organisms, including multidrug-resistant organisms. Eravacycline is two- to fourfold more active than tigecycline against most aerobic gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, whereas omadacycline generally has comparable MIC values to tigecycline but lower MIC values than tetracycline.364,365 For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.5.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Eravacycline retains potent activity against staphylococci, enterococci, and streptococci regardless of concurrent resistance phenotypes.375-377 For S. aureus, eravacycline activity is independent of methicillin resistance, macrolide resistance, fluoroquinolone resistance, daptomycin nonsusceptibility, linezolid resistance, or the expression of Panton-Valentine leucocidin.375 Similarly, eravacycline remains highly active against both E. faecalis and E. faecium independent of vancomycin resistance, linezolid resistance, and daptomycin nonsusceptibility. Eravacycline is also highly active against all streptococci, including S. pneumoniae expressing penicillin and/or macrolide resistance, as well as tetracycline resistance.375\
\
Omadacycline also demonstrates broad in\'a0vitro activity against clinically relevant gram-positive bacteria, including S. aureus, E. faecalis, E. faecium, S. pneumoniae, and \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci, carrying ribosomal protection [tet(M), tet(O), and tet(S)] and efflux [tet(K) and tet(L)] resistance genes.378 Activity is retained against key resistant phenotypes, including MRSA, tetracycline-resistant S. aureus, methicillin-resistant CoNS, vancomycin-resistant E. faecium, penicillin-resistant S. pneumoniae, and macrolide-resistant S. pneumoniae.378,379\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Eravacycline has broad gram-negative activity that is minimally affected by gram-negative tetracycline-specific resistance mechanisms.380 In a study of >2000 pathogens isolated from 13 Canadian hospitals, eravacycline displayed potency greater than or equal to tigecycline for each of the 9 Enterobacterales species tested (E. coli, K. pneumoniae, K. oxytoca, Enterobacter cloacae, Serratia marcescens, M. morganii, and Citrobacter freundii).376 MIC values were one doubling-dilution lower for ESBL-nonproducing isolates compared with ESBL-producing isolates of E. coli. In another study of 445 isolates of E. coli, eravacycline demonstrated an MIC90 of \uc0\u8804 0.5 \u956 g/mL, of which 127 (29%) isolates were intermediately resistant or resistant to third-generation cephalosporins, including isolates producing one or more ESBLs or cabapenemases.375 The drug exhibited similar potency against fluoroquinolone-resistant, aminoglycoside-resistant, tetracycline-resistant, and multidrug-resistant isolates. Eravacycline exhibits activity against some non\'96lactose-fermenting gram-negative bacteria such as S. maltophilia and A. baumannii, but does not have appreciable activity against P. aeruginosa or Burkholderia cenocepacia.375,376\
\
Omadacycline has activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of P. mirabilis and indole-positive Proteus spp.379 It is somewhat less potent against ESBL-producing E. coli and K. pneumoniae compared with ESBL-nonproducing strains. Omadacycline has excellent activity against H. influenzae (regardless of \uc0\u946 -lactamase production) and M. catarrhalis. Similar to eravacycline, though less potent, omadacycline has activity against A. baumannii and S. maltophilia, but not P. aeruginosa.379\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
In a study of 292 anaerobic pathogens, eravacycline displayed excellent in\'a0vitro activity.375 Eravacycline is more potent against B. fragilis than non-fragilis Bacteroides, and displays activity against other gram-negative anaerobes like Porphyromonas asaccharolytica and Prevotella spp. Eravacycline also has low MIC90 values against gram-positive anaerobes such as C. difficile, Peptostreptococcus spp., Actinomyces spp., Anaerococcus spp., Bifidobacterium spp., Eggerthella spp., Finegoldia magna, Lactobacillus spp., Peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus, and Cutibacterium (Propionibacterium) acnes.375\
\
Omadacycline also has in\'a0vitro activity against many clinically relevant anaerobic bacteria. In a study of 186 isolates, omadacycline activity was found to be similar to that of tigecycline, with MIC90 values of 1 to 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL against Bacteroides spp.; 0.5 \u956 g/mL against C. difficile, Prevotella spp., and P. asaccharolytica; 1 \u956 g/mL against Peptostreptococcus spp.; and 16 \u956 g/mL against Clostridium perfringens.381\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Eravacycline was found to have MIC50/90 values of 1/2 \uc0\u956 g/mL against Legionella pneumophilia with a range of 0.016 to 2 \u956 g/mL.375 In a study of 134 isolates of M. genitalium, M. hominis, M. pneumoniae, Ureaplasma parvum, and U. urealyticum, eravacycline MICs were \u8804  0.25 \u956 g/mL for most isolates.382 Eravacycline was more potent than all comparator agents (tetracycline, azithromycin, moxifloxacin, and clindamycin).\
\
Omadacycline is also active against atypical bacteria. In a study of 100 isolates of L. pneumophila, omadacycline demonstrated relative intracellular penetrance comparable to other antibiotics used for CABP treatment.383 Omadacycline is active against M. pneumoniae, M. Page 345hominis, and Ureaplasma spp. regardless of macrolide, tetracycline, or fluoroquinolone resistance.384 Omadacycline also has activity against C. pneumoniae comparable to doxycycline, azithromycin, moxifloxacin, and levofloxacin.385\
\
TABLE 25.5\
\
Overview of the MIC50 and MIC90 Ranges for Various Species That Are Clinically Relevant for Eravacycline and Omadacycline Use\
Eravacycline	Omadacycline\
MIC50 (\uc0\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	RANGE (\u956 g/mL)	MIC50 (\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	RANGE (\u956 g/mL)\
Gram-Positive Aerobic Bacteria\
Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-susceptible	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5	0.12	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'962\
S. aureus, methicillin-resistant	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'964	0.12	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'968\
Staphylococcus epidermidis	0.06	0.25	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5	0.06	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'960.5\
Coagulase-negative Staphylococci (all)				0.12	1	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'962\
Enterococcus faecalis	0.06	0.06	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.12	0.12	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'964\
Enterococcus faecium, vancomycin-susceptible	0.06	0.06	0.03\'960.5	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'961\
E. faecium, vancomycin-resistant	0.06	0.06	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.25	0.12	0.5	\u8804 0.015\'968\
Streptococcus pyogenes	0.03	0.03	\uc0\u8804 0.004\'960.12	0.06	0.12	\u8804 0.015\'960.5\
Streptococcus agalactiae	0.03	0.03	0.008\'960.06	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5\
Streptococcus pneumoniae (all)	0.015	0.015	\uc0\u8804 0.004\'960.03	0.06	.012	\u8804 0.015\'961\
Streptococcus pneumoniae, penicillin-resistant	0.008	0.015	\uc0\u8804 0.008\'960.03	0.06	0.12	\u8804 0.015\'961\
Gram-Negative Aerobic Bacteria\
Acinetobacter baumannii	0.5	1	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'968	2	8	0.06 to >32\
Citrobacter spp.				1	4	0.25 to >32\
Citrobacter freundii	0.25	0.5	0.06\'962	1	4	0.5\'9616\
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes	0.25	1	0.12\'962			\
Enterobacter cloacae	0.5	1	0.06\'968	2	4	0.25 to >32\
Enterobacter spp. (noncloacae)				2	4	0.06 to >32\
Escherichia coli (all)	0.25	0.5	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'964	0.5	2	0.12\'9632\
Escherichia coli ESBL+	0.25	0.5	0.03\'962	1	4	0.12 to >32\
Haemophilus influenza	0.12	0.25	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5	1	1	0.12\'9616\
Klebsiella oxytoca	0.25	1	0.03\'962	1	4	0.25\'9632\
Klebsiella pneumoniae (all)	0.5	1	0.03\'9616	2	8	0.12 to >32\
Klebsiella pneumoniae ESBL+	0.5	1	0.13\'968	2	8	0.25 to >32\
Klebsiella pneumoniae CARB\'96I/R	0.5	2	0.13\'9616			\
Moraxella catarrhalis	0.03	0.06	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.6	0.12	0.25	0.06\'961\
Morganella morganii	1	2	0.5\'964			\
Neisseria gonorrhoeae	0.13	0.25	0.06\'960.5	2	4	0.25\'964\
Proteus mirabilis (all)	1	2	0.25\'9616	16	>32	1 to >32\
Proteus mirabilis\
CARB-I/R\
1	4	0.25\'9616			\
Pseudomonas aeruginosa	8	16	0.06\'9664	32	128	1\'96128\
Salmonella spp.	0.25	0.25	0.12\'960.5	2	4	0.12\'9616\
Serratia marcescens	1	2	0.25\'968	4	8	0.5 to >32\
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	0.5	1	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'968	2	8	0.25 to >32\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Bacteroides fragilis	0.25	2	0.06\'962	0.5	4	0.25\'9616\
Bacteroides ovatus	0.5	4	0.015\'968	0.5	8	0.06 to >16\
Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron	0.5	1	0.12\'964	1	4	0.12\'9616\
Clostridioides difficile	0.06	0.12	0.03\'960.25	0.25	0.5	0.12\'968\
Clostridium perfringens	0.5	1	0.06\'964	4	16	0.12\'9616\
Fusobacterium spp.	0.12	0.25	0.03\'960.25	0.25	0.25	0.25\'961\
Peptostreptococcus spp.	0.06	0.25	0.015\'960.5	0.12	1	0.06\'962\
CARB-I/R, Carbapenem intermediate or resistant isolates; ESBL, extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
Modified from Zhanel GG, et\'a0al. Review of eravacycline, a novel fluorocycline antibacterial agent. Drugs. 2016;76(5):567\'96588; and Zhanel GG, et\'a0al. Omadacycline: a novel oral and intravenous aminomethylcycline antibiotic agent. Drugs. 2020;80(3):285\'96313.\
\
Mycobacteria\
In a study of 60 isolates of rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM), of which 
\f1 \uc0\u8764 
\f0 70% were tetracycline resistant, eravacycline was active against all species tested with MIC50 ranges of \uc0\u8804 0.015 to 0.5 and \u8804 0.015 to 0.12 \u956 g/mL for 100% and 80% inhibition, respectively.386 RGM isolates included in this study were M. abscessus subsp. abscessus, M. abscessus subsp. massiliense, M. chelonae, M. immunogenum, M. fortuitum group, and M. mucogenicum group. Eravacycline displayed higher MICs against 50 slowly growing mycobacteria (SGM) species isolates, including 16 M. avium complex (MAC) isolates. The eravacycline MICs were higher (MIC range >8 \u956 g/mL), except for M. kansasii and M. marinum (MIC50 values of 1 \u956 g/mL).386Page 346\
\
In a similar study, omadacycline was tested against 111 isolates of nontuberculous mycobacteria, including 70 isolates of RGM of which >90% were tetracycline resistant.387 Omadacycline was active against all RGM species tested (M. abscessus subsp. abscessus, M. abscessus subsp. massiliense, M. chelonae, M. immunogenum, M. fortuitum group, and M. mucogenicum group), with MIC50 ranges of 0.004 to 0.25 and 0.06 to 1 \uc0\u956 g/mL for 80% and 100% inhibition, respectively. Against SGM, including MAC, omadacycline MICs were higher (MIC range, 8 to >16 \u956 g/mL; n = 41).387\
\
Clinical Uses\
General\
\
Eravacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of adults with cIAIs, whereas omadacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP in adults. Both agents have drawn interest in off-label usages because of their extended spectrum of activity.\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Omadacycline is FDA approved for CABP in adults based on the results of a phase III double-blind randomized controlled trial,388 in which patients with a pneumonia severity index risk class of II, III, or IV were randomized to either omadacycline (100 mg IV every 12 hours for two doses, then 100 mg IV every 24 hours) or moxifloxacin (400 mg IV every 24 hours) with an optional oral transition (omadacycline 300 mg every 24 hours or moxifloxacin 400 mg every 24 hours) after 3 days of IV treatment. Omadacycline was noninferior to moxifloxacin for early clinical response (ECR) at days 3 to 5 (81.1% and 82.7%, respectively), and the rates of investigator-assessed clinical response at the posttreatment evaluation (PTE) 5 to 10 days after the last drug dose were 87.6% and 85.1%, respectively. Gastrointestinal events were common in both groups (10.2% and 18%, respectively). All eight patients that developed C. difficile were among the moxifloxacin group. The mortality rate was 2.1% in the omadacycline group compared with 1% in the moxifloxacin group. All deaths occurred in patients > 65 years of age, and the cause of mortality imbalance was not established.\
\
Although eravacycline has not been FDA approved for any respiratory tract infection, it has been used and studied retrospectively. In an observational, retrospective cohort study of 93 patients with difficult-to-treat A. baumannii pneumonia, patients receiving eravacycline were compared with those receiving best available therapy.389 Eravacycline failed to show improved outcomes over best previously available therapy, and was associated with higher 30-day mortality (33% vs. 15%; P = .048), lower microbiologic cure (17% vs. 59%; P = .004), and longer durations of mechanical ventilation (10.5 vs. 6.5 days; P = .016). These findings may have been driven by significantly more patients with A. baumannii bacteremia and coinfection with SARS-CoV-2 at baseline in the group that received eravacycline. All 4 patients with bacteremia that received eravacycline died by day 30, which raises concern for the utility of eravacycline for treatment of bloodstream infections. Other smaller data sets without comparator groups have found clinical success using eravacycline for pneumonia.390-392\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Omadacycline is FDA approved for ABSSSI based on two phase III double-blind randomized controlled trials comparing omadacycline to linezolid.393,394 The first one enrolled a global population and randomized patients to receive omadacycline (100 mg IV every 12 hours for two doses, then 100 mg IV every 24 hours) or linezolid (600 mg IV every 12 hours) with an option to transition to oral therapy (omadacycline 300 mg every 24 hours or linezolid 600 mg every 12 hours) after 3 days. The second trial was conducted in the US and randomized patients to receive either oral omadacycline (450 mg every 24 hours over the first 48 hours then 300 mg every 24 hours) or oral linezolid (600 mg every 12 hours). In both studies, omadacycline was noninferior to linezolid with a similar safety profile. In an integrated analysis of the two studies, omadacycline was noninferior to linezolid using the FDA primary endpoint of ECR at 48 to 72 hours (86.2% vs. 83.9%%, respectively) and using the European Medicines Agency primary endpoint of investigator-assessed clinical response at the PTE in the modified intent-to-treat population (85.1% vs. 82.1%, respectively).395 The most common treatment-emergent adverse event in the omadacycline group was nausea (21.9% compared with 8.7% getting linezolid) and vomiting (11.4% compared with 3.9% getting linezolid). The higher rates of nausea and vomiting were associated with the oral 450-mg loading dose during the first 2 days of the second trial.\
\
Published efficacy of eravacycline for skin and skin structure infections is limited to successful reports from small, retrospective case series without comparator groups.390-392\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Eravacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of cIAIs based on the results of two phase III randomized controlled clinical trials. In the first trial, hospitalized patients with cIAIs requiring surgical or percutaneous intervention were randomized to receive either eravacycline 1 mg/kg every 12 hours or ertapenem 1 g every 24 hours for a minimum of 4 days.396 For the microbiological intent-to-treat population, the rates of clinical cure were 86.8% in the eravacycline group and 87.6% in the ertapenem group, meeting the prespecified noninferiority margin. Both drugs were well tolerated. In the second trial, hospitalized patients were randomized to either eravacycline 1 mg/kg every 12 hours or meropenem 1 g every 8 hours IV for 4 to 14 days.397 Eravacycline was found to be noninferior to meropenem for the primary endpoint of clinical cure after 25 to 31 days from start of therapy (90.8% vs. 92.1%, respectively). Clinical cure rates were also similar in the subset of 29 patients with ESBL-producing Enterobacterales for eravacycline compared with meropenem (87.5% vs. 84.6%, respectively). Adverse event rates for eravacycline were low (<5%) and mainly gastrointestinal in nature.\
\
Other Uses\
In two separate phase III clinical trials for the treatment of cUTIs, eravacycline (given IV before eligibility for an oral transition) did not achieve noninferiority to comparator agents (levofloxacin and ertapenem).398,399 As a result of these trials, eravacycline includes a limitation of use in its package insert that it is not indicated for the treatment of cUTIs.361\
\
Omadacycline was evaluated in a post-hoc analysis of 63 patients with secondary bacteremia enrolled in the three phase III clinical trials of ABSSSI and CABP.400 The clinical success at ECR of omadacycline versus comparator agents was 64.3% (18/28) and 85.7% (30/35), respectively, and the clinical success at PTE of omadacycline versus comparator agents was 75% (21/28) and 82.9% (29/35), respectively.\
\
In a case series of omadacycline use in multidrug-resistant and extensively drug-resistant gram-negative infections, clinical success occurred in 6/9 (66.7%) cases.401 The majority of infections were bone/joint (clinical success in 4/5) and the most commonly isolated pathogen was carbapenem-resistant A. baumannii (clinical success in 4/5). Omadacycline may also have a role for the treatment of M. abscessus based on a few small cases series.402,403\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Similar to tigecycline, both eravacycline and omadacycline were designed to overcome common mechanisms of tetracycline resistance such as efflux pumps and RPPs. In a study of E. coli cells expressing recombinant tetracycline resistance genes, the MIC values of eravacycline were minimally affected by common efflux pump (tet(A), tet(B), tet(K)) and RPP (tet(M)) tetracycline resistance genes.380 The expression of adeB efflux gene in A. baumannii correlates with eravacycline MICs.404 Omadacycline is also minimally affected by efflux pumps and RPPs, but may be impacted by drug degradation and 16S rRNA mutations that decrease the affinity of the drug to the ribosome.405,406\
\
Adverse Reactions\
Based on phase III clinical trial data, the most common side effects of eravacycline were infusion site reactions (7.7%), nausea (6.5%) and vomiting (3.7%).396,397 Other adverse reactions reported in 1% to 3% of patients were diarrhea, hypotension, and wound dehiscence. Both eravacycline and comparator groups had 2% of patients discontinue treatment because of adverse events. For eravacycline, this was most commonly due to gastrointestinal disorders.Page 347\
\
Similarly, the most common adverse reactions of omadacycline seen in phase III clinical trials were also gastrointestinal in nature. Nausea occurred more frequently when omadacycline was given as an oral loading dose (30%) compared with IV-to-oral switch trials (2.4%\'9612%).388,393,394 Vomiting also was more frequent with an oral loading dose (17%) compared with IV-to-oral switch (2.6%\'965%). Other adverse events that occurred in 2% to 5% of patients included infusion site reactions, elevated alanine and aspartate aminotransferases, elevated gamma-glutamyl transferase, hypertension, headache, diarrhea, insomnia, and constipation. Omadacycline and comparator agents had similar rates of serious adverse reactions (3.6% vs. 3.6%, respectively) and discontinuation because of adverse reactions (3.1% vs. 3.4%, respectively). In the clinical trial for CABP, 8 deaths (2%) occurred in the group that received omadacycline compared with 4 deaths (1%) in the group that received moxifloxacin.388 All 12 deaths occurred in patients over 65 years of age with various causes including progression of underlying pneumonia or respiratory compromise, HAP, cardiac or vascular events, and cancer. The cause of mortality imbalance has not been established, and it is recommended that those at higher risk for mortality be closely monitored. The FDA has required a postmarketing study from the pharmaceutical manufacturer and added a package insert warning for the mortality imbalance.362 In the two phase III clinical trials for ABSSSI, 1 death (0.1%) was reported in the groups that received omadacycline compared with 3 deaths (0.4%) in the groups that received linezolid. No death was determined to be related to the study treatment.393,394\
\
Breastfeeding is not recommended while on either agent. Both drugs carry warning labels for permanent tooth discoloration and enamel hypoplasia, and reversible inhibition of bone growth if used during the second and third trimesters of pregnancy and during childhood up to age 8.361,362\
\
Drug and Food Interactions\
Concomitant administration with rifampin reduces total eravacycline exposure by approximately 25% to 35% and increases clearance by approximately 50%.374 Thus, the dose of eravacycline should be increased to 1.5 mg/kg every 12 hours when coadministered with a strong CYP3A inducer, such as rifampin or phenytoin.\
\
In a phase 1 study, omadacycline bioavailability was reduced by 15% to 17% by a nondairy meal 4 hours before dosing, 40% to 42% by a nondairy meal 2 hours before dosing, and 59% to 63% for a dairy meal 2 hours before dosing.407 Similar to other tetracyclines, omadacycline absorption is impaired by antacids containing aluminum, calcium, or magnesium; bismuth subsalicylate; and iron-containing preparations. Thus, it is recommended that oral dosing be given with water after fasting for at least 4 hours, and to avoid food or drink (except water) for 2 hours and dairy products, antacids, or multivitamins for 4 hours after dosing.362 Omadacycline is unlikely to be affected by other drugs that inhibit or induce enzymatic and/or transport pathways.369\
\
Both drugs have similar label warnings for patients who are on anticoagulant therapy that they may require downward adjustments of anticoagulant dosing while on these agents.\
\
Chloramphenicol\
Chloramphenicol is a broad-spectrum antibiotic that has been in clinical use since 1949. It was developed from the soil organism Streptomyces venezuelae.408 It remains an inexpensive drug that is active against many gram-positive, gram-negative, anaerobic, and atypical organisms. Because of the risk of aplastic anemia, chloramphenicol is no longer the drug of choice for any specific infection.409,410 Its use in the high-income countries of the world is limited to life-threatening infections without safer alternatives. However, it is still commonly used in many low- and medium-income countries (LMICs).\
\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
The structure of chloramphenicol is shown in Fig. 25.2. It has a paranitrobenzene ring attached to a propanediol group with a dichloracetamide side chain.\
\
Chloramphenicol inhibits protein synthesis by reversibly binding to the peptidyl transferase cavity of the 50S subunit of the bacterial 70S ribosome. This prevents the aminoacyl-tRNA from binding to the ribosome, thus terminating polypeptide chain synthesis.411,412 Once chloramphenicol is removed, protein synthesis is able to resume if drug exposure was brief enough.413 This mechanism results in bacteriostatic activity against most organisms. However, chloramphenicol is bactericidal at clinically achievable concentrations against some meningeal organisms such as S. pneumoniae, N. meningitidis, and H. influenzae.414 It has been postulated that the dose-related bone marrow suppression of chloramphenicol is caused by its inhibition of protein synthesis in mammalian mitochondria, which contain 70S ribosomes.415 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosage\
\
Chloramphenicol is available in multiple formulations. Oral preparations are 250-mg capsules and a 150-mg/mL palmitate solution. In the United States, oral preparations have not been manufactured since 1991. IV preparations come in 1-g vials of sodium succinate powder for reconstitution. Infusions in adults are generally administered over a period of 30 minutes. There is an otic topical formulation that is a 0.5% otic solution, which is not available in the United States. There are a few different ophthalmic preparations: 0.5% solution, 1% ointment, and 25 mg/vial powder for ophthalmic solution. Only the ointment is available in the United States.\
\
The recommended dose for newborn infants younger than 2 weeks old is 25 mg/kg/day divided in 6-hour intervals. Full-term infants older than 2 weeks can receive 50 mg/kg/day divided in 6-hour intervals. In older children and adults, the dose is 50 mg/kg/day divided in 6-hour intervals. For severe infections, such as meningitis, doses up to 100 mg/kg/day in 6-hour intervals may be used. The maximum daily intake should not exceed 4 g total.410 Routine monitoring of serum concentrations should be performed, particularly in newborns and those with hepatic dysfunction. Peak serum levels between 15 and 25 mg/L have been suggested for children.416,417 Others have suggested 10 to 20 mg/L and that levels higher than 25 mg/L are associated with toxicity.418 If the white blood cell count decreases below 2500/\uc0\u956 L, discontinuation of the drug should strongly be considered.\
\
In patients with impaired renal function, usual doses may be administered because active chloramphenicol does not accumulate in the serum.13 Inactive chloramphenicol metabolites do accumulate in the serum, but this has not been associated with toxicity.419 Increased clearance of chloramphenicol occurs during dialysis, but this may be important only in patients with hepatic dysfunction. It is recommended that the normal maintenance dose of the drug beNewer Tetracycline Derivatives\
Tigecycline\
\
Glycylcyclines are a novel class of antibacterial drugs that have been developed to combat the emergence of antibiotic-resistant organisms, including those resistant to conventional tetracyclines. Tigecycline is the first member of the class to be approved by the FDA in 2005. Page 339It was originally approved for the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections (cSSSIs) and cIAIs based on noninferiority studies.256,257 In 2009, tigecycline was approved for the treatment of CABP based on comparable cure rates in patients treated with levofloxacin.258,259 Tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic and is active in\'a0vitro against a broad range of antibiotic-resistant aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The FDA issued a warning regarding an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections based on the pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable.261 In general, the deaths appear related to worsening or complications of the infection or underlying comorbidities. Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP) trial, particularly those with ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
TABLE 25.3\
\
Significant Food-Drug and Drug-Drug Interactions With Tetracyclines\
Interacting Agent	Effect	Comments\
Food	Tetracycline	\
Food may reduce absorption by 50%	Bioavailability is 60%\'9680% when taken on an empty stomach\
Doxycycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Minocycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Divalent or trivalent cations: aluminum, calcium, magnesium, iron, zinc	Significant reduction of all tetracycline absorption	Should not be administered concurrently with foods or drugs containing divalent or trivalent cations (i.e., antacids, sucralfate, didanosine, multivitamins)\
Kaolin and pectin	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	\
Bismuth subsalicylate	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	Separate administration of tetracycline from divalent or trivalent cations by 2hours\
Sodium bicarbonate	May decrease absorption of tetracycline	\
Cimetidine	Decreased tetracycline absorption	Effect not clinically significant\
Carbamazepine, phenytoin, barbiturates	Decreased half-life of doxycycline	Increases hepatic metabolism\
Chronic ethanol ingestion	Decreased half-life of doxycycline but not tetracycline	Possible mechanism: induction of hepatic microsomal enzymes\
Methoxyflurane or fluorinated anesthetic	Nephrotoxicity when administered with tetracycline agents	\
Diuretics	Increased blood urea nitrogen	Volume depletion may increase the nephrotoxic effects of tetracycline by unknown mechanisms\
Oral anticoagulants	Increased risk of bleeding	Tetracyclines may impair utilization of prothrombin and may decrease vitamin K production by intestinal bacteria; tigecycline decreases warfarin clearance, although a study found no effect in healthy volunteers\
Oral contraceptives	Reduced levels when administered with tetracyclines	\
Women should use an additional (mechanical) form of birth control\
Possible mechanism: reduction in bacterial hydrolysis of conjugated estrogen in the intestine\
Antiinfectives	May reduce antimicrobial activity of aminoglycosides and penicillins	\
Rare reports of in\'a0vitro antagonism\
Some clinicians recommend that the drugs not be used concomitantly\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Tigecycline is a semisynthetic derivative of minocycline. It has an N-alkyl-glycylamido moiety attached to the 9-position of minocycline.263 (See Fig. 25.1 for molecular structure.) The design is based on the premise that a peptide substituent would enhance ribosomal permeation and binding. The 9-glycyl substitution results in steric hindrance that enables tigecycline to overcome the two major types of tetracycline resistance: tetracycline-specific efflux pumps and ribosomal protection.264\
\
Tigecycline\'92s antibacterial mechanism of action is similar to that of older tetracyclines. It works by inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis by binding to bacterial 30S ribosomal subunits, ultimately blocking entry of aminoacyl transfer RNA molecules into the A site of the ribosome. This prevents amino acids from incorporating into elongating peptide chains, thus inhibiting protein synthesis.264,265 Like other tetracyclines, tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic because its interaction with the ribosome is reversible.8 Because glycylcyclines bind five times more strongly to the ribosome than tetracyclines, they are able to overcome the ribosomal protection mechanism of the tetracycline resistome.266,267\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Tigecycline is available only in intravenous formulation owing to its poor oral absorption. The recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by 50 mg every 12 hours. Infusions should be administered over approximately 30 to 60 minutes. According to the package insert, the recommended duration of treatment for cSSSIs or for cIAIs is 5 to 14 days. The recommended duration for treatment of CABP is 7 to 14 days. It has not been studied in children younger than 18.268\
\
In patients with renal impairment, no dose adjustment is necessary. In a pooled pharmacokinetic evaluation of tigecycline in healthy adult volunteers and in those with renal impairment, tigecycline had mostly linear pharmacokinetics across all dose ranges. Tigecycline is also not significantly removed by hemodialysis.269\
\
In patients with mild-to-moderate hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh A and B), no dose adjustment is necessary. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh C), the recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by a reduced maintenance dose of 25 mg every 12 hours. These patients should be treated with caution and monitored closely. In a study looking at various stages of liver dysfunction, patients with moderate liver disease had systemic clearance reduced by 25%, and the half-life was increased by 23%. In patients with severe liver disease, systemic clearance was decreased by 55% and the half-life was increased by 43%.270\
\
There do not appear to be any significant differences in tigecycline pharmacokinetic parameters on the basis of age, sex, or weight. Therefore, no dose adjustment appears necessary.271Page 340\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Tigecycline has limited oral bioavailability, hence it is available only in IV preparations. Food does not significantly alter pharmacokinetics and may reduce the nausea and vomiting seen as a side effect. The half-life of tigecycline ranges from 37 to 67 hours.272\
\
Drug Distribution\
In\'a0vitro plasma protein binding of tigecycline is 71% to 89%, and the volume of distribution is 7 to 10 L/kg, indicating extensive distribution into the tissues.272 In a 100-mg single-dose study of patients undergoing elective surgery or a medical procedure for tissue extraction, various tissue concentrations were measured. The respective mean and median concentration values of tigecycline in serum immediately after the end of a 100-mg infusion were 1.94 and 1.32 mg/L. Subsequent serum concentrations of tigecycline gradually declined to mean values of 0.22, 0.19, 0.11, and 0.07 mg/L at approximately 4, 8, 12, and 24 hours, respectively. Tissue penetration, expressed as the ratio of area under the curve (AUC)0\'9624h in tissue or body fluid to serum, was 537 for bile, 23 for gallbladder, 2.6 for colon, 2.0 for lung, 0.41 for bone, 0.31 for synovial fluid, and 0.11 for CSF.273 In a separate study of subjects without infections undergoing elective orthopedic procedures, multiple doses of tigecycline were shown to result in bone-to-serum ratios of approximately 4.77, showing penetration into bone.274 After standard dosing to 33 healthy volunteers, the tigecycline AUC0\'9612h in alveolar cells was 78-fold higher than the AUC0\'9612h in the serum. In epithelial lining fluid, the AUC0\'9612h was about 32% higher than in the serum.268,273 In the urine, after a 100-mg dose of tigecycline, urinary concentrations were about 0.3 \uc0\u956 g/mL.275 Clinical trials in urinary tract infections were abandoned on precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 Like the earlier-generation tetracyclines, tigecycline displays a time-dependent killing pattern and exhibits a considerable postantibiotic effect.277\
\
Drug Elimination\
The primary route of elimination for tigecycline is biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline and its metabolites. Using radiolabeled carbon-14 (14C)-tigecycline, studies have shown elimination primarily by the liver via biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline in the feces (59%). Glucuronidation and renal excretion of unchanged tigecycline are secondary routes. Thirty-two percent of tigecycline is eliminated in the urine.272,278\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Tigecycline has antibacterial activity against a wide variety of aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.4.Page 341\
\
TABLE 25.4\
\
Overview of the MIC50 and MIC90 Ranges, and the Wild-Type Cutoff Values for Various Species That Are Clinically Relevant for Tigecycline Use\
MIC50 (\uc0\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	Range (\u956 g/mL)	Eucast Wild-Type Cutoff\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'961	0.25\
S. aureus, methicillin-susceptible	0.12	0.12\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'961	0.25\
Staphylococcus epidermidis, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	0.5\
S. epidermidis, methicillin-susceptible	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'962	0.5\
Enterococcus faecalis, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
Enterococcus faecium, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
E. faecium, vancomycin-resistant	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.12		0.25\
Streptococcus pyogenes	0.06	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	0.125\
Streptococcus agalactiae	0.03\'960.06	0.12\'960.25	0.03\'961	0.25\
Streptococcus pneumoniae	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	\u8804 0.06\'961	0.125\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Enterobacterales	0.5	1	0.04\'9616	\'97\
Enterobacter spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.06\'968	\'97\
Enterobacter cloacae	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.5\'9616	2\
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.06\'9616	2\
Escherichia coli	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.03\'964	1\
Haemophilus influenzae	0.12\'960.5	0.25\'961	\uc0\u8804 0.008\'962	1\
Klebsiella spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.5\'968	2 (K. pneumoniae)\
Klebsiella pneumoniae ESBL+	1	2	0.12\'968	\'97\
Moraxella catarrhalis	0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.5	0.125\
Morganella morganii	2	4	1\'968	8\
Proteus spp.	4	4\'968	1\'9616	4/8\
Serratia spp.	1\'962	1\'964	0.5\'9616	4\
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	0.38\'961	1.5\'964	0.25\'968	4\
Pseudomonas aeruginosa	8\'9616	16 to \uc0\u8805 32	0.12\'9664	64\
Acinetobacter spp.	0.5\'963	1\'966	0.03\'968	\'97\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Bacteroides fragilis group	0.5\'961	0.5\'968	0.06\'9632	\'97\
Clostridioides difficile (formerly Clostridium difficile)	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	\'97\
Clostridium perfringens	0.12	1	0.06\'962	\'97\
Fusobacterium spp.	0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.25	\'97\
Peptostreptococcus spp.	0.06	0.06\'960.125	0.06\'960.12	\
ESBL, Extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; EUCAST, European Committee on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
From Nabuurs-Franssen M, Mouton JW. Tigecycline. In: Grayson ML, ed. Kucers\'92 The Use of Antibiotics. 6th ed. CRC Press; 2010:881\'96892.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against many Staphylococcus, Enterococcus, and Streptococcus species, including organisms resistant to many other classes of antibiotics. Among S. aureus, tigecycline has shown potent activity among both MSSA and MRSA strains.279-281 Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against community-associated MRSA strains as seen in a study of 1989 isolates with a susceptibility rate of 98.2%.282 In a European survey of common skin and skin structure pathogens, all MRSA isolates were susceptible to tigecycline.283\'a0Staphylococcus epidermidis has also been shown to be susceptible to tigecycline, including strains that are erythromycin resistant.284\
\
Tigecycline is also highly active against Enterococcus spp., including strains resistant to vancomycin. In a study of 97 vancomycin-resistant isolates, tigecycline was equally active against all VanA, VanB, and VanC phenotypes of glycopeptide resistance of enterococci.285 In the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) program, which took place from 2004 to 2009 and looked at various antimicrobials against Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium, all 2068 isolates of E. faecalis were susceptible to tigecycline in various European countries. Only 2 out of 893 (0.2%) of E. faecium isolates were resistant to tigecycline.286 In a Korean study, 4 out of 2005 (0.2%) of vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) isolates were resistant to tigecycline.287\
\
Streptococci have also been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline, including bloodstream isolates of viridans-group streptococcal species.288 Tigecycline has also shown excellent activity against \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci.289 Tigecycline was two- to fourfold more active than comparator agents against all 435 isolates of S. pneumoniae studied in the global TEST program, including those that were penicillin resistant and penicillin intermediate. Against the penicillin-susceptible S. pneumoniae isolates, tigecycline was less active than \u946 -lactam agents.290 In another study, tigecycline was noted to be bactericidal against 11 of 12 strains of S. pneumoniae.291\
\
Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against L. monocytogenes and coryneform bacteria.292\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Tigecycline has good activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of most strains of Proteus spp., Providencia spp., and Morganella spp.289,293,294 Enterobacterales that have developed resistance to tetracycline are susceptible to tigecycline because it remains stable and largely unaffected by the commonly occurring efflux and ribosomal protection resistance mechanisms. In a large global study, tetracycline-resistant populations demonstrated only modest decreases in potency to tigecycline, which appeared to be species dependent (up to twofold only for E. coli, Salmonella spp., Shigella spp., and Pantoea agglomerans and up to fourfold for Klebsiella spp., Enterobacter spp., and Citrobacter spp.).295 Other resistance mechanisms, such as extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase (ESBL) production, AmpC derepression, carbapenemase production, and resistance phenotypes, such as fluoroquinolone resistance, fluoroquinolone/ampicillin resistance, fluoroquinolone/TMP-SMX resistance, and multidrug resistance, do not have an influence on the MIC value of tigecycline.295-299\
\
Tigecycline has good activity against most lactose-nonfermenting gram-negative bacilli with the notable exception of P. aeruginosa. It remains one of the most active agents against Acinetobacter spp.290,293,300 Although most studies have noted a high level of Acinetobacter spp. susceptibility to tigecycline, one study in Israel noted that of 82 isolates, 66% were resistant, 12% were intermediate, and just 22% were susceptible to tigecycline.301 In the United States, most antimicrobial agents have shown reduced susceptibility to A. baumannii over recent years, including tigecycline.300\'a0S. maltophilia has been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline in\'a0vitro. In a large global survey of 1586 isolates, 95.5% were susceptible to tigecycline, which was second only to TMP-SMX (96%).302\
\
In another global study, 1220 strains of H. influenzae, 495 strains of Moraxella catarrhalis, and 17 strains of N. meningitidis were all susceptible to tigecycline.303\'a0Brucella melitensis is highly susceptible to tigecycline both in\'a0vitro and in blood and bone marrow cultures of adult patients with acute brucellosis.304-306 Tigecycline has reduced activity against B. cepacia.267\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against most gram-positive and gram-negative anaerobes. In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline were tested against 831 isolates of the B. fragilis group representing all of the species within the group. Tigecycline was more active than clindamycin, minocycline, and cefoxitin and less active than imipenem or piperacillin-tazobactam against all isolates of the B. fragilis group.307 In the European TEST program looking at Bacteroides, Prevotella, Anaerococcus, Clostridium, Finegoldia, and Peptostreptococcus spp., the lowest MIC values were noted for meropenem and tigecycline. Of note, tigecycline showed the lowest MIC90 against C. difficile (0.25 mg/L).308\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Tigecycline is highly active against C. pneumoniae, C. trachomatis, M. pneumoniae, and M. hominis.85,309 It is less active against U. urealyticum than tetracycline, with an MIC90 of 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL.309 In a guinea pig model, tigecycline was shown to be as effective as erythromycin against L. pneumophila, but the drug was inactivated by test medium that confounded susceptibility data. Tigecycline prevented death in the study, but treated guinea pigs were noted to have residual bacterial concentrations in the lungs, suggesting that tigecycline may not be the drug of choice for severe legionnaires\'92 disease, and prolonged therapy would be required.310\
\
Mycobacteria and Nocardia\
The rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM) appear to be highly susceptible to tigecycline. In two separate studies, every RGM isolate, mostly consisting of M. fortuitum, M. abscessus, and M. chelonae, was susceptible to tigecycline.97,311 All slowly growing nontuberculous mycobacteria, including M. avium complex, Mycobacterium lentiflavum, M. marinum, and M. kansasii, are resistant to tigecycline.97 The in\'a0vitro activity against M. tuberculosis appears poor.312 Tigecycline has modest activity against Nocardia spp., with an MIC90 of 4 \uc0\u956 g/mL. By comparison, minocycline has an MIC90 of 2 \u956 g/mL.103\
\
Clinical Uses\
Tigecycline is currently FDA approved for three indications: treatment of cSSSIs, cIAIs, and CABP. It is also used off-label for many other disease processes.\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Several clinical studies have compared tigecycline versus a combination of vancomycin and aztreonam for up to 14 days for the treatment of skin and skin structure infections. Similar results have been seen across studies that have shown tigecycline to be noninferior. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, tests of cure were between 73.3% and 84.3% for tigecycline and between 66.6% and 86.9% for the vancomycin-aztreonam group. Tests of cure for the clinically evaluable populations were 78.6% to 89.8% and 75.8% to 95%, respectively. Increased nausea and vomiting was consistently seen in the tigecycline group, whereas rash and elevated transaminases were consistently seen in the vancomycin-aztreonam group.256,313-316 In the largest study, no differences were noted in clinical cure rates in patients who were bacteremic (86% vs. 87.5%). Tigecycline had equal efficacy in patients with monomicrobial and polymicrobial infections.256\
\
In a phase III, randomized, double-blind trial conducted in subjects with diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, a 150-mg once-daily regimen of tigecycline did not meet criteria for noninferiority compared with ertapenem with or without vancomycin.317\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Tigecycline is an attractive option to treat cIAIs because its broad spectrum of activity is favorable against a potentially polymicrobial infection. In two large studies of cIAIs, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for 5 to 14 days of treatment. Complicated appendicitis was the most common infection, followed by complicated cholecystitis. The most common organisms were E. coli, Streptococcus anginosus group, and B. fragilis. Acute Physiology and Chronic Page 342Health Evaluation (APACHE) II scores were similar, and less than 4% of patients had scores over 15. Clinical cure rates were 86.1% for tigecycline and 86.2% for imipenem-cilastatin, meeting noninferiority criteria. There was no difference in cure rates between the two therapies for monomicrobial versus polymicrobial infections. Clinical cure rates for bacteremia were also similar (82% vs. 80%, respectively). Nausea and vomiting were more frequent in the tigecycline group.257,318\
\
Two other studies have compared tigecycline with a combination of ceftriaxone plus metronidazole for cIAIs. Clinical cure rates were between 70.4% and 81.8% in the tigecycline group and 74.3% and 79.4% in the ceftriaxone-metronidazole group, again displaying noninferiority.319,320\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Tigecycline has been approved for the treatment of CABP. It has been compared with levofloxacin in multiple studies with treatment durations between 7 and 14 days and Fine Pneumonia Severity Index scores typically from II to IV. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, test-of-cure results were between 78.7% and 84.4% for tigecycline and between 77.8% and 82.1% for the levofloxacin group. Test-of-cure results for the clinically evaluable populations were 88.9% and 90.6% and 85.3% and 87.2%, respectively. All trials met noninferiority criteria for tigecycline. As with other clinical trials, more patients tended to have nausea and vomiting in the tigecycline groups.258,259,321,322\
\
Tigecycline has also been looked at for treating VAP and HAP. In a retrospective review of 117 patients with VAP treated with tigecycline, 74 (63%) were determined by the physician to have clinical success. About half of the patients had a microbiologic diagnosis, and of those the most common organisms were Acinetobacter spp. (69%) and MRSA (22%). Eighty-four percent of the cases with Acinetobacter spp. were carbapenem resistant. Global mortality proportion was 33%.323 In a phase III randomized controlled trial involving 945 patients, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for the treatment of HAP. Cure rates were 67.9% for tigecycline and 78.2% for imipenem-cilastatin in the clinically evaluable group and 62.7% and 67.6% in the clinical modified intention-to-treat group, respectively. A statistical interaction occurred between VAP and non-VAP subgroups, with significantly lower cure rates in tigecycline-treated VAP patients compared with imipenem; in non-VAP patients, tigecycline was noninferior to imipenem. Overall mortality did not differ between the tigecycline (14.1%) and imipenem-cilastatin regimens (12.2%), although more deaths occurred in VAP patients treated with tigecycline than imipenem-cilastin.324 In a subsequent phase II study, the safety and efficacy of two higher doses of tigecycline (150 mg followed by 75 mg every 12 hours or 200 mg followed by 100 mg every 12 hours) were compared with imipenem-cilastatin in participants with HAP. In the clinically evaluable population, the rate of clinical cure with tigecycline 100 mg (17/20, 85.0%) was numerically higher than with tigecycline 75 mg (16/23, 69.6%) and imipenem-cilastatin (18/24, 75.0%). No new safety signals with the high-dose tigecycline were identified.325\
\
Other Uses\
Tigecycline is also used for many off-label indications. In an early-use registry of 113 patients, 22% received tigecycline for approved indications and 78% for off-label indications (56% with scientific support and 22% with limited or no scientific support).326\
\
Although there are no randomized prospective trials looking at the use of tigecycline for bacteremia, secondary bacteremia in prior clinical trials has been analyzed. Pooled data from subjects enrolled for treatment of cSSSI, cIAI, or CAP presenting with bacteremia from seven double-blind and one open-label trial of tigecycline compared with vancomycin-aztreonam, imipenem-cilastatin, levofloxacin, vancomycin, or linezolid were analyzed. A total of 170 subjects were identified, and clinical cure rates were 81.3% and 78.5% for tigecycline and the comparator. Nine patients treated with tigecycline were noted to have persistent bacteremia, as compared with one in the comparator group.327 Tigecycline, in a solution with N-acetylcysteine and heparin, was evaluated as a catheter-lock solution for catheter salvage in patients with hemodialysis catheter-associated bacteremia. Eighteen case patients received the catheter-lock solution for 14 days plus systemic antibiotic therapy. Treatment was successful for 15 (83%) of the 18 case patients within 90 days of follow-up.328\
\
In critically ill patients who have developed bacterial infections with multidrug resistance, tigecycline remains an attractive option owing to its ability to maintain in\'a0vitro activity. A phase III, open-label, noncomparator study evaluated tigecycline in patients with selected serious infections caused by resistant gram-negative bacteria, patients with treatment failures who had received prior antimicrobial therapy, or patients unable to tolerate other appropriate antimicrobials. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, CAP, HAP, VAP, and bacteremia (including catheter-associated bacteremia). Clinical cure rate was 72.2%, and the microbiologic eradication rate was 66.7%.329 Another phase III study compared the safety and efficacy of tigecycline with vancomycin or linezolid in hospitalized patients with MRSA or VRE infections. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, pneumonia, and bacteremia. For MRSA infection, clinical cure rates in the microbiologically evaluable population (n = 117) were 81.4% (70/86 patients) with tigecycline and 83.9% (26/31 patients) with vancomycin. Most infections were cSSSIs. There were only 15 patients enrolled with VRE, and the authors were not able to draw any conclusions.330 In a report of 110 cancer patients who developed serious infections, 64% were noted to have a clinical response when treated with tigecycline (92% were treated in combination with an antipseudomonal agent). Interesting to note, more patients with bacteremia than pneumonia had clinical response (79% vs. 51%). Mortality rates of those with pneumonia were 44%, compared with 16% with bacteremia.331 The combination of piperacillin-tazobactam and tigecycline was found to be more effective than piperacillin-tazobactam alone in febrile, neutropenic hematologic patients with cancer in an epidemiologic setting characterized by a high rate of MDR microorganisms.332 In a prospective, observational study of adults with extensively drug-resistant A. baumannii bacteremia, increased 14-day mortality was observed with the combination of colistin-tigecycline compared with a colistin-carbapenem regimen. The excess mortality may have been restricted to the subgroup with higher tigecycline MICs (>2 \uc0\u956 g/mL).333 In a systematic review and meta-analysis, tigecycline, particularly when given in high-doses and in combination with other agents, was found to have similar efficacy to other antibiotics for treating carbapenem-resistant gram-negative bacterial infections.334\
\
Clinical trials that have looked at use of tigecycline for urinary tract infections were abandoned at precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 In a retrospective cohort study of carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae bacteriuria, tigecycline, polymyxin B, and an aminoglycoside were compared. The microbiologic clearance rate was 88% in the aminoglycoside cohort (n = 41), 64% in the polymyxin B cohort (n = 25), 43% in the tigecycline cohort (n = 21), and 36% in an untreated cohort.335 Success with tigecycline for treating MDR K. pneumoniae and A. baumannii urinary tract infection or urosepsis has been reported with use of higher than approved doses of tigecycline, with initial doses between 200 and 400 mg and subsequent maintenance doses of 100 to 200 mg every 24 hours.275\
\
Interest in using tigecycline for CDIs has arisen owing to its in\'a0vitro activity and high stool concentrations. Currently, no randomized controlled trials have evaluated tigecycline for the treatment of CDI. There have been multiple case reports of use of tigecycline (alone or in combination with other CDI therapies) for the treatment of CDI, with most having a successful outcome.336-338 In a retrospective case-control study of severe CDI, 18 patients who received tigecycline (along with other CDI therapies) were compared with 26 similarly ill patients who did not receive tigecycline. There was no difference with regard to CDI survival, rates of colectomy, or relapse rates.339 In a propensity-matched cohort study of 28 cases of CDI treated with tigecycline compared with 140 cases without tigecycline, 30-day mortality was not statistically different.340\
\
Limited data exist regarding use of tigecycline for bone and joint infections. In the previously mentioned phase III study in diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, clinical cure rates in the substudy were low (<36%) for a subset of tigecycline-treated patients with osteomyelitis.317 Other small cases series have reported varying degrees of success using tigecycline for osteomyelitis.341,342Page 343\
\
Treatment of infections with RGM can be difficult. The safety and efficacy of a tigecycline-containing regimen for salvage treatment of 52 patients with M. abscessus and M. chelonae was performed. Included patients had both lung and extrapulmonary infections. Tigecycline given for at least 1 month as part of a multidrug regimen resulted in improvement in over 60% of patients, including those with underlying cystic fibrosis, despite failure of prior antibiotic therapy. AEs were reported in over 90% of cases, the most common being nausea and vomiting.343\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Tigecycline remains active against bacteria that contain efflux-mediated resistance to tetracyclines. This is likely a result of the efflux pump\'92s ineffectiveness in transporting tigecycline out of the cell, or from the inability of tigecycline to induce efflux proteins.344,345 There is also currently no evidence of gene mutations coding for RPPs for the tet family (tet(M), tet(O), tet(S)) for reduced susceptibility to tigecycline.\
\
The most common intrinsic tigecycline resistance observed in Proteus mirabilis and Morganella morganii is drug recognition and upregulation by the AcrAB efflux pump.346,347 Overexpression of this pump is also associated with the development of resistance to other gram-negative bacteria. P. aeruginosa is intrinsically resistant to tigecycline as a result of the MexXY-OprM multidrug efflux pump.348 A novel plasmid-mediated multidrug-resistant RND family efflux pump, TMexCD1-TOprJ1, has been identified in carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae and other gram-negative bacilli including Pseudomonas spp. in China.349\
\
The overexpression of MepA, a novel MATE family efflux pump, may contribute to decreased activity of tigecycline against S. aureus.350\
\
Adverse Reactions\
Gastrointestinal Side Effects\
\
As with older tetracyclines, the most commonly reported adverse reactions to tigecycline are gastrointestinal in nature. As seen in multiple phase III clinical trials, nausea (26%) and vomiting (18%) were the most reported side effects.256,257,268,313,351 The majority of these symptoms (95%) were mild to moderate and occurred after 1 to 2 days of therapy. The side effects are dose related; 100 mg was the highest dose tolerated in fasting healthy participants, and 200 mg was the highest dose tolerated with food.272 However, the risk of side effects was found to be similar in a review of 134 patients given standard or high-dose regimens for VAP.352 Less reported side effects are anorexia, dry mouth, dysgeusia, and loose stool.296\
\
Hepatotoxicity and Pancreatitis\
Transient elevations in transaminases and alkaline phosphatase levels have been seen.353 In phase III clinical trials, the incidence of increased liver function test results was significantly lower with tigecycline than with comparator drugs.256,258 However, in a recent retrospective review of 397 patients treated with at least 7 days of tigecycline, the prevalence of drug-induced liver injury (DILI) was 10.3%.354 Independent risk factors for DILI were abnormal baseline alanine aminotransferase levels, intensive care unit admission, and treatment length. Case reports of mild tigecycline-induced acute pancreatitis have also been reported.355\
\
Other Side Effects\
Other side effects reported from clinical trials that have an incidence between 2% and 7% include (in descending order) infection, headache, anemia, hypoproteinemia, asthenia, phlebitis, elevated blood urea nitrogen (BUN), abnormal healing, dizziness, skin rash, pneumonia, and abscess formation.268\
\
Increased Mortality\
In 2010 the FDA issued a warning of an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections on the basis of pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In those studies, death occurred in 4% (150/3788) of patients receiving tigecycline and 3% (110/3646) of patients receiving comparator drugs. Based on a random effects model by trial weight, an adjusted risk difference of all-cause mortality was 0.6% (95% confidence interval, 0.1\'961.2) between tigecycline- and comparator-treated patients. Deaths were generally the result of worsening infection, complications of infections, or underlying comorbidities. Among indications, the mortality difference was not statistically significant. However, mortality in tigecycline-treated patients was numerically greater in every infection and considerably greater in VAP (19.1% vs. 12.3%). Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the HAP trial, particularly those with VAP with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable. After the 2010 warning was issued, data were analyzed from 10 clinical trials conducted only for FDA-approved uses (cSSSI, cIAI, CABP), including trials conducted after the drug was approved. This analysis showed a higher risk of death among patients receiving tigecycline compared with other antibacterial drugs: 2.5% (66/2640) versus 1.8% (48/2628), respectively. The adjusted risk difference for death was 0.6% with corresponding 95% confidence interval (0.0\'961.2).261\
\
Several meta-analyses prompted the FDA to look into the efficacy and safety of tigecycline. Depending on what clinical trials (published and unpublished) were included, results varied.356-358\
\
Drug Interactions\
In\'a0vitro studies in human liver microsomes have indicated that tigecycline is not a substrate, inhibitor, or inducer of common cytochrome P450 enzymes; therefore such pharmacokinetic drug interactions are unlikely.359 However, concomitant administration of tigecycline and warfarin in healthy participants resulted in a decrease in clearance of R-warfarin and S-warfarin by 40% and 23%, an increase in Cmax by 38% and 43%, and an increase in AUC by 68% and 29%, respectively.268 No significant effects of tigecycline on digoxin pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics were noted in a study of 20 healthy men.360\
\
Eravacycline and Omadacycline\
Two new tetracycline derivatives were approved by the FDA in late 2018. Eravacycline is a fluorocycline antibiotic and is FDA approved for cIAIs in adults.361 Omadacycline is an aminomethylcycline and is FDA approved for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP.362 Both drugs carry the same package insert label, which is to recommend that these two drugs should be used only to treat or prevent infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. This precaution is to reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of eravacycline and omadacycline and other antibacterial drugs.363 Eravacycline also has a label precaution that it is not indicated for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTIs). Omadacycline has an additional label precaution about the mortality imbalance in patients with CABP. In the CABP trial, a mortality rate of 2.1% was observed in omadacycline-treated patients compared with 0.8% in moxifloxacin-treated patients (P = .14).362 The cause of the mortality imbalance has not been established. Providers should closely monitor clinical response to therapy in CABP patients, particularly in those at higher risk for mortality.\
\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Eravacycline is a synthetic fluorocycline that is similar in structure to tigecycline but with two important tetracycline core modifications (see Fig 25.1). The dimethylamine moiety at C-7 is replaced by a fluorine atom and the 2-tertiary-butyl glycylamido moiety at C-9 is replaced by a pyrrolidinoacetamido group.364 Omadacycline is a semisynthetic aminomethylcycline that is also similar in structure to tigecycline but with an alkylaminomethyl group replacing the glycylamido group at the C-9 position (see Fig 25.1).365 Similar to other tetracyclines, eravacycline and omadacycline inhibit bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit.\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Eravacycline recommended dosing is 1 mg/kg by IV infusion over 60 minutes every 12 hours. No dose adjustment is required in patients Page 344with renal impairment. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child Pugh C), the dose should be reduced starting on day 2 to 1 mg/kg every 24 hours. With concomitant use of a strong CYP3A inducer, the dose should be increased to 1.5 mg/kg every 12 hours.361 Eravacycline dosed by actual body weight in obese patients (body mass index \uc0\u8805  30 kg/m2) has been shown to have therapeutic utility with an acceptable safety profile.366\
\
Omadacycline recommended dosing for ABSSSI and CABP is 200 mg by IV infusion over 60 minutes on day 1 (given once or divided into two 100-mg doses), followed by 100 mg IV daily or 300 mg orally daily. For ABSSSI treatment, loading doses can be done with 450 mg orally once daily on days 1 and 2, followed by 300 mg orally daily. No dose adjustment is recommended in patients with renal or hepatic impairment.362\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Based on a study of healthy males, the oral bioavailability of eravacycline is estimated to be 28% (range, 26%\'9632%) with a median time to maximum plasma concentration (tmax) value of 2 to 2.5 hours and maximum plasma concentration (Cmax) of 0.23 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 200-mg dose.367 The half-life after a single dose and multiple doses is 22 and 34 hours, respectively.364 However, development of an oral dose formulation for oral eravacycline has been discontinued.\
\
Omadacycline has an estimated bioavailability of 34.5% with a Cmax of 0.31 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 300-mg dose.368 The half-life is approximately 17.6 \'b1 1.45 hours.369\
\
Drug Distribution\
Eravacycline has a volume of distribution at steady state (Vss) of 3.3 to 4.2 L/kg and is 79% to 90% protein-bound.364 In a phase 1 study of healthy volunteers, the mean Cmax of eravacycline dosed 1 mg/kg every 12 hours for 7 doses was 1.29 \'b1 0.4 mg/L.370 The total AUC0-12h in plasma was 4.56 \'b1 0.94 mg\'b7h/L with an estimated free AUC0-12h value of 0.77 \'b1 0.14 mg\'b7h/L. The AUC0-12h in epithelial lining fluid (ELF) and alveolar macrophages was 4.93 mg\'b7h/L and 39.53 mg\'b7h/L, respectively, with an estimated penetration ratio to free plasma of 6.44 and 51.63.\
\
The Vss of omadacycline in healthy human subjects is 190 to 204 L.371,372 After the administration of 100 mg IV omadacycline, the Cmax is 1.92 to 2.12 mg/L.371,372 The protein binding in human plasma is 21.3%, which is lower than other tetracyclines.373 Omadacycline has good intrapulmonary penetration. The AUC24h values in ELF and alveolar cells in healthy human subjects were 17.2 mg\'b7h/L and 302.5 mg\'b7h/L, giving the AUC24h ratios relative to the free AUC24h in plasma of 1.47 and 25.8, respectively.371 These intrapulmonary concentrations were higher than healthy subjects treated with tigecycline.\
\
Drug Elimination\
After a single 60-mg IV dose of radiolabeled eravacycline, 47.8% of the dose was recovered in feces while renal excretion accounted for about 34% of the dose.374\
\
Elimination of omadacycline after a single 300-mg dose was found to be primarily fecal (81.1%) and less urinary excretion (14.4%).369\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Both eravacycline and omadacycline have very broad in\'a0vitro activity against gram-positive, gram-negative, and anaerobic organisms, including multidrug-resistant organisms. Eravacycline is two- to fourfold more active than tigecycline against most aerobic gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, whereas omadacycline generally has comparable MIC values to tigecycline but lower MIC values than tetracycline.364,365 For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.5.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Eravacycline retains potent activity against staphylococci, enterococci, and streptococci regardless of concurrent resistance phenotypes.375-377 For S. aureus, eravacycline activity is independent of methicillin resistance, macrolide resistance, fluoroquinolone resistance, daptomycin nonsusceptibility, linezolid resistance, or the expression of Panton-Valentine leucocidin.375 Similarly, eravacycline remains highly active against both E. faecalis and E. faecium independent of vancomycin resistance, linezolid resistance, and daptomycin nonsusceptibility. Eravacycline is also highly active against all streptococci, including S. pneumoniae expressing penicillin and/or macrolide resistance, as well as tetracycline resistance.375\
\
Omadacycline also demonstrates broad in\'a0vitro activity against clinically relevant gram-positive bacteria, including S. aureus, E. faecalis, E. faecium, S. pneumoniae, and \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci, carrying ribosomal protection [tet(M), tet(O), and tet(S)] and efflux [tet(K) and tet(L)] resistance genes.378 Activity is retained against key resistant phenotypes, including MRSA, tetracycline-resistant S. aureus, methicillin-resistant CoNS, vancomycin-resistant E. faecium, penicillin-resistant S. pneumoniae, and macrolide-resistant S. pneumoniae.378,379\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Eravacycline has broad gram-negative activity that is minimally affected by gram-negative tetracycline-specific resistance mechanisms.380 In a study of >2000 pathogens isolated from 13 Canadian hospitals, eravacycline displayed potency greater than or equal to tigecycline for each of the 9 Enterobacterales species tested (E. coli, K. pneumoniae, K. oxytoca, Enterobacter cloacae, Serratia marcescens, M. morganii, and Citrobacter freundii).376 MIC values were one doubling-dilution lower for ESBL-nonproducing isolates compared with ESBL-producing isolates of E. coli. In another study of 445 isolates of E. coli, eravacycline demonstrated an MIC90 of \uc0\u8804 0.5 \u956 g/mL, of which 127 (29%) isolates were intermediately resistant or resistant to third-generation cephalosporins, including isolates producing one or more ESBLs or cabapenemases.375 The drug exhibited similar potency against fluoroquinolone-resistant, aminoglycoside-resistant, tetracycline-resistant, and multidrug-resistant isolates. Eravacycline exhibits activity against some non\'96lactose-fermenting gram-negative bacteria such as S. maltophilia and A. baumannii, but does not have appreciable activity against P. aeruginosa or Burkholderia cenocepacia.375,376\
\
Omadacycline has activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of P. mirabilis and indole-positive Proteus spp.379 It is somewhat less potent against ESBL-producing E. coli and K. pneumoniae compared with ESBL-nonproducing strains. Omadacycline has excellent activity against H. influenzae (regardless of \uc0\u946 -lactamase production) and M. catarrhalis. Similar to eravacycline, though less potent, omadacycline has activity against A. baumannii and S. maltophilia, but not P. aeruginosa.379\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
In a study of 292 anaerobic pathogens, eravacycline displayed excellent in\'a0vitro activity.375 Eravacycline is more potent against B. fragilis than non-fragilis Bacteroides, and displays activity against other gram-negative anaerobes like Porphyromonas asaccharolytica and Prevotella spp. Eravacycline also has low MIC90 values against gram-positive anaerobes such as C. difficile, Peptostreptococcus spp., Actinomyces spp., Anaerococcus spp., Bifidobacterium spp., Eggerthella spp., Finegoldia magna, Lactobacillus spp., Peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus, and Cutibacterium (Propionibacterium) acnes.375\
\
Omadacycline also has in\'a0vitro activity against many clinically relevant anaerobic bacteria. In a study of 186 isolates, omadacycline activity was found to be similar to that of tigecycline, with MIC90 values of 1 to 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL against Bacteroides spp.; 0.5 \u956 g/mL against C. difficile, Prevotella spp., and P. asaccharolytica; 1 \u956 g/mL against Peptostreptococcus spp.; and 16 \u956 g/mL against Clostridium perfringens.381\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Eravacycline was found to have MIC50/90 values of 1/2 \uc0\u956 g/mL against Legionella pneumophilia with a range of 0.016 to 2 \u956 g/mL.375 In a study of 134 isolates of M. genitalium, M. hominis, M. pneumoniae, Ureaplasma parvum, and U. urealyticum, eravacycline MICs were \u8804  0.25 \u956 g/mL for most isolates.382 Eravacycline was more potent than all comparator agents (tetracycline, azithromycin, moxifloxacin, and clindamycin).\
\
Omadacycline is also active against atypical bacteria. In a study of 100 isolates of L. pneumophila, omadacycline demonstrated relative intracellular penetrance comparable to other antibiotics used for CABP treatment.383 Omadacycline is active against M. pneumoniae, M. Page 345hominis, and Ureaplasma spp. regardless of macrolide, tetracycline, or fluoroquinolone resistance.384 Omadacycline also has activity against C. pneumoniae comparable to doxycycline, azithromycin, moxifloxacin, and levofloxacin.385\
\
TABLE 25.5\
\
Overview of the MIC50 and MIC90 Ranges for Various Species That Are Clinically Relevant for Eravacycline and Omadacycline Use\
Eravacycline	Omadacycline\
MIC50 (\uc0\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	RANGE (\u956 g/mL)	MIC50 (\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	RANGE (\u956 g/mL)\
Gram-Positive Aerobic Bacteria\
Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-susceptible	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5	0.12	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'962\
S. aureus, methicillin-resistant	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'964	0.12	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'968\
Staphylococcus epidermidis	0.06	0.25	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5	0.06	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'960.5\
Coagulase-negative Staphylococci (all)				0.12	1	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'962\
Enterococcus faecalis	0.06	0.06	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.12	0.12	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'964\
Enterococcus faecium, vancomycin-susceptible	0.06	0.06	0.03\'960.5	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'961\
E. faecium, vancomycin-resistant	0.06	0.06	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.25	0.12	0.5	\u8804 0.015\'968\
Streptococcus pyogenes	0.03	0.03	\uc0\u8804 0.004\'960.12	0.06	0.12	\u8804 0.015\'960.5\
Streptococcus agalactiae	0.03	0.03	0.008\'960.06	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5\
Streptococcus pneumoniae (all)	0.015	0.015	\uc0\u8804 0.004\'960.03	0.06	.012	\u8804 0.015\'961\
Streptococcus pneumoniae, penicillin-resistant	0.008	0.015	\uc0\u8804 0.008\'960.03	0.06	0.12	\u8804 0.015\'961\
Gram-Negative Aerobic Bacteria\
Acinetobacter baumannii	0.5	1	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'968	2	8	0.06 to >32\
Citrobacter spp.				1	4	0.25 to >32\
Citrobacter freundii	0.25	0.5	0.06\'962	1	4	0.5\'9616\
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes	0.25	1	0.12\'962			\
Enterobacter cloacae	0.5	1	0.06\'968	2	4	0.25 to >32\
Enterobacter spp. (noncloacae)				2	4	0.06 to >32\
Escherichia coli (all)	0.25	0.5	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'964	0.5	2	0.12\'9632\
Escherichia coli ESBL+	0.25	0.5	0.03\'962	1	4	0.12 to >32\
Haemophilus influenza	0.12	0.25	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5	1	1	0.12\'9616\
Klebsiella oxytoca	0.25	1	0.03\'962	1	4	0.25\'9632\
Klebsiella pneumoniae (all)	0.5	1	0.03\'9616	2	8	0.12 to >32\
Klebsiella pneumoniae ESBL+	0.5	1	0.13\'968	2	8	0.25 to >32\
Klebsiella pneumoniae CARB\'96I/R	0.5	2	0.13\'9616			\
Moraxella catarrhalis	0.03	0.06	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.6	0.12	0.25	0.06\'961\
Morganella morganii	1	2	0.5\'964			\
Neisseria gonorrhoeae	0.13	0.25	0.06\'960.5	2	4	0.25\'964\
Proteus mirabilis (all)	1	2	0.25\'9616	16	>32	1 to >32\
Proteus mirabilis\
CARB-I/R\
1	4	0.25\'9616			\
Pseudomonas aeruginosa	8	16	0.06\'9664	32	128	1\'96128\
Salmonella spp.	0.25	0.25	0.12\'960.5	2	4	0.12\'9616\
Serratia marcescens	1	2	0.25\'968	4	8	0.5 to >32\
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	0.5	1	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'968	2	8	0.25 to >32\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Bacteroides fragilis	0.25	2	0.06\'962	0.5	4	0.25\'9616\
Bacteroides ovatus	0.5	4	0.015\'968	0.5	8	0.06 to >16\
Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron	0.5	1	0.12\'964	1	4	0.12\'9616\
Clostridioides difficile	0.06	0.12	0.03\'960.25	0.25	0.5	0.12\'968\
Clostridium perfringens	0.5	1	0.06\'964	4	16	0.12\'9616\
Fusobacterium spp.	0.12	0.25	0.03\'960.25	0.25	0.25	0.25\'961\
Peptostreptococcus spp.	0.06	0.25	0.015\'960.5	0.12	1	0.06\'962\
CARB-I/R, Carbapenem intermediate or resistant isolates; ESBL, extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
Modified from Zhanel GG, et\'a0al. Review of eravacycline, a novel fluorocycline antibacterial agent. Drugs. 2016;76(5):567\'96588; and Zhanel GG, et\'a0al. Omadacycline: a novel oral and intravenous aminomethylcycline antibiotic agent. Drugs. 2020;80(3):285\'96313.\
\
Mycobacteria\
In a study of 60 isolates of rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM), of which 
\f1 \uc0\u8764 
\f0 70% were tetracycline resistant, eravacycline was active against all species tested with MIC50 ranges of \uc0\u8804 0.015 to 0.5 and \u8804 0.015 to 0.12 \u956 g/mL for 100% and 80% inhibition, respectively.386 RGM isolates included in this study were M. abscessus subsp. abscessus, M. abscessus subsp. massiliense, M. chelonae, M. immunogenum, M. fortuitum group, and M. mucogenicum group. Eravacycline displayed higher MICs against 50 slowly growing mycobacteria (SGM) species isolates, including 16 M. avium complex (MAC) isolates. The eravacycline MICs were higher (MIC range >8 \u956 g/mL), except for M. kansasii and M. marinum (MIC50 values of 1 \u956 g/mL).386Page 346\
\
In a similar study, omadacycline was tested against 111 isolates of nontuberculous mycobacteria, including 70 isolates of RGM of which >90% were tetracycline resistant.387 Omadacycline was active against all RGM species tested (M. abscessus subsp. abscessus, M. abscessus subsp. massiliense, M. chelonae, M. immunogenum, M. fortuitum group, and M. mucogenicum group), with MIC50 ranges of 0.004 to 0.25 and 0.06 to 1 \uc0\u956 g/mL for 80% and 100% inhibition, respectively. Against SGM, including MAC, omadacycline MICs were higher (MIC range, 8 to >16 \u956 g/mL; n = 41).387\
\
Clinical Uses\
General\
\
Eravacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of adults with cIAIs, whereas omadacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP in adults. Both agents have drawn interest in off-label usages because of their extended spectrum of activity.\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Omadacycline is FDA approved for CABP in adults based on the results of a phase III double-blind randomized controlled trial,388 in which patients with a pneumonia severity index risk class of II, III, or IV were randomized to either omadacycline (100 mg IV every 12 hours for two doses, then 100 mg IV every 24 hours) or moxifloxacin (400 mg IV every 24 hours) with an optional oral transition (omadacycline 300 mg every 24 hours or moxifloxacin 400 mg every 24 hours) after 3 days of IV treatment. Omadacycline was noninferior to moxifloxacin for early clinical response (ECR) at days 3 to 5 (81.1% and 82.7%, respectively), and the rates of investigator-assessed clinical response at the posttreatment evaluation (PTE) 5 to 10 days after the last drug dose were 87.6% and 85.1%, respectively. Gastrointestinal events were common in both groups (10.2% and 18%, respectively). All eight patients that developed C. difficile were among the moxifloxacin group. The mortality rate was 2.1% in the omadacycline group compared with 1% in the moxifloxacin group. All deaths occurred in patients > 65 years of age, and the cause of mortality imbalance was not established.\
\
Although eravacycline has not been FDA approved for any respiratory tract infection, it has been used and studied retrospectively. In an observational, retrospective cohort study of 93 patients with difficult-to-treat A. baumannii pneumonia, patients receiving eravacycline were compared with those receiving best available therapy.389 Eravacycline failed to show improved outcomes over best previously available therapy, and was associated with higher 30-day mortality (33% vs. 15%; P = .048), lower microbiologic cure (17% vs. 59%; P = .004), and longer durations of mechanical ventilation (10.5 vs. 6.5 days; P = .016). These findings may have been driven by significantly more patients with A. baumannii bacteremia and coinfection with SARS-CoV-2 at baseline in the group that received eravacycline. All 4 patients with bacteremia that received eravacycline died by day 30, which raises concern for the utility of eravacycline for treatment of bloodstream infections. Other smaller data sets without comparator groups have found clinical success using eravacycline for pneumonia.390-392\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Omadacycline is FDA approved for ABSSSI based on two phase III double-blind randomized controlled trials comparing omadacycline to linezolid.393,394 The first one enrolled a global population and randomized patients to receive omadacycline (100 mg IV every 12 hours for two doses, then 100 mg IV every 24 hours) or linezolid (600 mg IV every 12 hours) with an option to transition to oral therapy (omadacycline 300 mg every 24 hours or linezolid 600 mg every 12 hours) after 3 days. The second trial was conducted in the US and randomized patients to receive either oral omadacycline (450 mg every 24 hours over the first 48 hours then 300 mg every 24 hours) or oral linezolid (600 mg every 12 hours). In both studies, omadacycline was noninferior to linezolid with a similar safety profile. In an integrated analysis of the two studies, omadacycline was noninferior to linezolid using the FDA primary endpoint of ECR at 48 to 72 hours (86.2% vs. 83.9%%, respectively) and using the European Medicines Agency primary endpoint of investigator-assessed clinical response at the PTE in the modified intent-to-treat population (85.1% vs. 82.1%, respectively).395 The most common treatment-emergent adverse event in the omadacycline group was nausea (21.9% compared with 8.7% getting linezolid) and vomiting (11.4% compared with 3.9% getting linezolid). The higher rates of nausea and vomiting were associated with the oral 450-mg loading dose during the first 2 days of the second trial.\
\
Published efficacy of eravacycline for skin and skin structure infections is limited to successful reports from small, retrospective case series without comparator groups.390-392\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Eravacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of cIAIs based on the results of two phase III randomized controlled clinical trials. In the first trial, hospitalized patients with cIAIs requiring surgical or percutaneous intervention were randomized to receive either eravacycline 1 mg/kg every 12 hours or ertapenem 1 g every 24 hours for a minimum of 4 days.396 For the microbiological intent-to-treat population, the rates of clinical cure were 86.8% in the eravacycline group and 87.6% in the ertapenem group, meeting the prespecified noninferiority margin. Both drugs were well tolerated. In the second trial, hospitalized patients were randomized to either eravacycline 1 mg/kg every 12 hours or meropenem 1 g every 8 hours IV for 4 to 14 days.397 Eravacycline was found to be noninferior to meropenem for the primary endpoint of clinical cure after 25 to 31 days from start of therapy (90.8% vs. 92.1%, respectively). Clinical cure rates were also similar in the subset of 29 patients with ESBL-producing Enterobacterales for eravacycline compared with meropenem (87.5% vs. 84.6%, respectively). Adverse event rates for eravacycline were low (<5%) and mainly gastrointestinal in nature.\
\
Other Uses\
In two separate phase III clinical trials for the treatment of cUTIs, eravacycline (given IV before eligibility for an oral transition) did not achieve noninferiority to comparator agents (levofloxacin and ertapenem).398,399 As a result of these trials, eravacycline includes a limitation of use in its package insert that it is not indicated for the treatment of cUTIs.361\
\
Omadacycline was evaluated in a post-hoc analysis of 63 patients with secondary bacteremia enrolled in the three phase III clinical trials of ABSSSI and CABP.400 The clinical success at ECR of omadacycline versus comparator agents was 64.3% (18/28) and 85.7% (30/35), respectively, and the clinical success at PTE of omadacycline versus comparator agents was 75% (21/28) and 82.9% (29/35), respectively.\
\
In a case series of omadacycline use in multidrug-resistant and extensively drug-resistant gram-negative infections, clinical success occurred in 6/9 (66.7%) cases.401 The majority of infections were bone/joint (clinical success in 4/5) and the most commonly isolated pathogen was carbapenem-resistant A. baumannii (clinical success in 4/5). Omadacycline may also have a role for the treatment of M. abscessus based on a few small cases series.402,403\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Similar to tigecycline, both eravacycline and omadacycline were designed to overcome common mechanisms of tetracycline resistance such as efflux pumps and RPPs. In a study of E. coli cells expressing recombinant tetracycline resistance genes, the MIC values of eravacycline were minimally affected by common efflux pump (tet(A), tet(B), tet(K)) and RPP (tet(M)) tetracycline resistance genes.380 The expression of adeB efflux gene in A. baumannii correlates with eravacycline MICs.404 Omadacycline is also minimally affected by efflux pumps and RPPs, but may be impacted by drug degradation and 16S rRNA mutations that decrease the affinity of the drug to the ribosome.405,406\
\
Adverse Reactions\
Based on phase III clinical trial data, the most common side effects of eravacycline were infusion site reactions (7.7%), nausea (6.5%) and vomiting (3.7%).396,397 Other adverse reactions reported in 1% to 3% of patients were diarrhea, hypotension, and wound dehiscence. Both eravacycline and comparator groups had 2% of patients discontinue treatment because of adverse events. For eravacycline, this was most commonly due to gastrointestinal disorders.Page 347\
\
Similarly, the most common adverse reactions of omadacycline seen in phase III clinical trials were also gastrointestinal in nature. Nausea occurred more frequently when omadacycline was given as an oral loading dose (30%) compared with IV-to-oral switch trials (2.4%\'9612%).388,393,394 Vomiting also was more frequent with an oral loading dose (17%) compared with IV-to-oral switch (2.6%\'965%). Other adverse events that occurred in 2% to 5% of patients included infusion site reactions, elevated alanine and aspartate aminotransferases, elevated gamma-glutamyl transferase, hypertension, headache, diarrhea, insomnia, and constipation. Omadacycline and comparator agents had similar rates of serious adverse reactions (3.6% vs. 3.6%, respectively) and discontinuation because of adverse reactions (3.1% vs. 3.4%, respectively). In the clinical trial for CABP, 8 deaths (2%) occurred in the group that received omadacycline compared with 4 deaths (1%) in the group that received moxifloxacin.388 All 12 deaths occurred in patients over 65 years of age with various causes including progression of underlying pneumonia or respiratory compromise, HAP, cardiac or vascular events, and cancer. The cause of mortality imbalance has not been established, and it is recommended that those at higher risk for mortality be closely monitored. The FDA has required a postmarketing study from the pharmaceutical manufacturer and added a package insert warning for the mortality imbalance.362 In the two phase III clinical trials for ABSSSI, 1 death (0.1%) was reported in the groups that received omadacycline compared with 3 deaths (0.4%) in the groups that received linezolid. No death was determined to be related to the study treatment.393,394\
\
Breastfeeding is not recommended while on either agent. Both drugs carry warning labels for permanent tooth discoloration and enamel hypoplasia, and reversible inhibition of bone growth if used during the second and third trimesters of pregnancy and during childhood up to age 8.361,362\
\
Drug and Food Interactions\
Concomitant administration with rifampin reduces total eravacycline exposure by approximately 25% to 35% and increases clearance by approximately 50%.374 Thus, the dose of eravacycline should be increased to 1.5 mg/kg every 12 hours when coadministered with a strong CYP3A inducer, such as rifampin or phenytoin.\
\
In a phase 1 study, omadacycline bioavailability was reduced by 15% to 17% by a nondairy meal 4 hours before dosing, 40% to 42% by a nondairy meal 2 hours before dosing, and 59% to 63% for a dairy meal 2 hours before dosing.407 Similar to other tetracyclines, omadacycline absorption is impaired by antacids containing aluminum, calcium, or magnesium; bismuth subsalicylate; and iron-containing preparations. Thus, it is recommended that oral dosing be given with water after fasting for at least 4 hours, and to avoid food or drink (except water) for 2 hours and dairy products, antacids, or multivitamins for 4 hours after dosing.362 Omadacycline is unlikely to be affected by other drugs that inhibit or induce enzymatic and/or transport pathways.369\
\
Both drugs have similar label warnings for patients who are on anticoagulant therapy that they may require downward adjustments of anticoagulant dosing while on these agents.\
\
Chloramphenicol\
Chloramphenicol is a broad-spectrum antibiotic that has been in clinical use since 1949. It was developed from the soil organism Streptomyces venezuelae.408 It remains an inexpensive drug that is active against many gram-positive, gram-negative, anaerobic, and atypical organisms. Because of the risk of aplastic anemia, chloramphenicol is no longer the drug of choice for any specific infection.409,410 Its use in the high-income countries of the world is limited to life-threatening infections without safer alternatives. However, it is still commonly used in many low- and medium-income countries (LMICs).\
\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
The structure of chloramphenicol is shown in Fig. 25.2. It has a paranitrobenzene ring attached to a propanediol group with a dichloracetamide side chain.\
\
Chloramphenicol inhibits protein synthesis by reversibly binding to the peptidyl transferase cavity of the 50S subunit of the bacterial 70S ribosome. This prevents the aminoacyl-tRNA from binding to the ribosome, thus terminating polypeptide chain synthesis.411,412 Once chloramphenicol is removed, protein synthesis is able to resume if drug exposure was brief enough.413 This mechanism results in bacteriostatic activity against most organisms. However, chloramphenicol is bactericidal at clinically achievable concentrations against some meningeal organisms such as S. pneumoniae, N. meningitidis, and H. influenzae.414 It has been postulated that the dose-related bone marrow suppression of chloramphenicol is caused by its inhibition of protein synthesis in mammalian mitochondria, which contain 70S ribosomes.415\
\
\
FIG. 25.2\'a0Chemical structure of chloramphenicol.\
Follow for extended description\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosage\
\
Chloramphenicol is available in multiple formulations. Oral preparations are 250-mg capsules and a 150-mg/mL palmitate solution. In the United States, oral preparations have not been manufactured since 1991. IV preparations come in 1-g vials of sodium succinate powder for reconstitution. Infusions in adults are generally administered over a period of 30 minutes. There is an otic topical formulation that is a 0.5% otic solution, which is not available in the United States. There are a few different ophthalmic preparations: 0.5% solution, 1% ointment, and 25 mg/vial powder for ophthalmic solution. Only the ointment is available in the United States.\
\
The recommended dose for newborn infants younger than 2 weeks old is 25 mg/kg/day divided in 6-hour intervals. Full-term infants older than 2 weeks can receive 50 mg/kg/day divided in 6-hour intervals. In older children and adults, the dose is 50 mg/kg/day divided in 6-hour intervals. For severe infections, such as meningitis, doses up to 100 mg/kg/day in 6-hour intervals may be used. The maximum daily intake should not exceed 4 g total.410 Routine monitoring of serum concentrations should be performed, particularly in newborns and those with hepatic dysfunction. Peak serum levels between 15 and 25 mg/L have been suggested for children.416,417 Others have suggested 10 to 20 mg/L and that levels higher than 25 mg/L are associated with toxicity.418 If the white blood cell count decreases below 2500/\uc0\u956 L, discontinuation of the drug should strongly be considered.\
\
In patients with impaired renal function, usual doses may be administered because active chloramphenicol does not accumulate in the serum.13 Inactive chloramphenicol metabolites do accumulate in the serum, but this has not been associated with toxicity.419 Increased clearance of chloramphenicol occurs during dialysis, but this may be important only in patients with hepatic dysfunction. It is recommended that the normal maintenance dose of the drug be administered after dialysis to avoid the possibility of increased clearance.420 Peritoneal dialysis does not alter the half-life of active chloramphenicol; thus the dose does not need adjustment.421 Limited data exist for dosing during continuous renal replacement therapy.\
\
Total body clearance of chloramphenicol is reduced in patients with liver dysfunction because the drug is metabolized by the liver.422 Serum levels should be monitored closely.\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Oral chloramphenicol capsules are approximately 80% bioavailable as they are rapidly absorbed from the intestinal tract. Serum levels with the oral palmitate solution are lower than with the capsule form. The palmitate ester is biologically inactive and is absorbed after being hydrolyzed by pancreatic lipases in the upper intestinal tract to free chloramphenicol. Even so, the oral palmitate ester can achieve higher serum levels as compared with the IV succinate form.419 The Page 348rate of hydrolysis of the succinate by hepatic enzymes determines the concentration of active chloramphenicol, which is why oral preparations can be more bioavailable. Approximately 44% to 60% of the drug is bound to protein in the serum.422 After a 1-g dose in adults, peak serum levels occur after 2 hours, with levels of 10 to 13 mg/L.423 The half-life is 1.6 to 3.3 hours, and therapeutic levels may persist 6 to 8 hours after administration.424\
\
Chloramphenicol succinate given intravenously has a wide variability of half-lives in infants. In adults, the serum half-life is approximately 1.2 hours, with an elimination half-life of approximately 4 hours.419 Intramuscular injection is not recommended owing to variable hydrolysis and/or delayed absorption, leading to unpredictable serum concentrations.425\
\
Drug Distribution\
Chloramphenicol is highly lipid soluble and has excellent penetration into many body tissues, penetrates well into pleural and ascitic fluids, and also crosses the placenta and can be found in breast milk. It does not usually achieve adequate concentrations in the bile.410 In bacterial peritonitis, drug levels in ascitic fluid can exceed half of the serum concentration.426 Chloramphenicol is also able to achieve high levels in synovial fluid.427 Even without inflamed meninges, chloramphenicol readily crosses the blood-brain barrier. CSF concentration may be 50% or more of the serum concentration, a higher proportion than with any other antibiotic.428 Also, unlike most antibiotics, chloramphenicol can penetrate well into many parts of the eye.429 It has also been shown to be concentrated in alveolar macrophages and polymorphonuclear leukocytes.430\
\
Drug Elimination\
Chloramphenicol is primarily metabolized by the liver, where it undergoes conjugation with glucuronic acid. The major metabolite is the inactive chloramphenicol glucuronide. This, along with other minor metabolites, is then eliminated through the urine (accounting for about 75%\'9690% of drug elimination). About 5% to 15% of the unchanged, active drug is eliminated through glomerular filtration. Less than 3% is eliminated through bile. Less than 1% is eliminated in feces.424\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Chloramphenicol has a broad spectrum of activity against many gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, anaerobes, rickettsiae, chlamydiae, and mycoplasmas. As stated previously, chloramphenicol is generally bacteriostatic but may be bactericidal against meningeal organisms, especially at higher concentrations. For most organisms, susceptibility is defined as having an MIC value of 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL or less. Exceptions are S. pneumoniae (\u8804 4 \u956 g/mL) and H. influenzae (\u8804 2 \u956 g/mL).431\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Chloramphenicol has in\'a0vitro activity against streptococci, staphylococci, and enterococci. Resistance varies in many different geographic regions. In surveillance studies from the late 1990s, S. pneumoniae had higher rates of resistance in the Western Pacific Region and South Africa (17.1%), compared with Europe (12.7%), the United States (10.6%), Canada (4.5%), and Latin America (4.3%).432,433 Chloramphenicol resistance rates are typically higher among penicillin-intermediate and penicillin-resistant strains.\
\
In a North American surveillance study, chloramphenicol had activity against 81.6% of all S. aureus isolates tested.434 Another North American study also reported high susceptibility rates to both MSSA (96%) and MRSA (81%) strains.435 Chloramphenicol has also been demonstrated to have activity against vancomycin-intermediate and vancomycin-resistant strains.436,437\
\
Against Enterococcus spp., chloramphenicol susceptibility rates in North America have been shown to be 87%.438 In another study of 886 VRE isolates, investigators reported that 28.6% of 56 E. faecalis isolates from North America were Newer Tetracycline Derivatives\
Tigecycline\
\
Glycylcyclines are a novel class of antibacterial drugs that have been developed to combat the emergence of antibiotic-resistant organisms, including those resistant to conventional tetracyclines. Tigecycline is the first member of the class to be approved by the FDA in 2005. Page 339It was originally approved for the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections (cSSSIs) and cIAIs based on noninferiority studies.256,257 In 2009, tigecycline was approved for the treatment of CABP based on comparable cure rates in patients treated with levofloxacin.258,259 Tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic and is active in\'a0vitro against a broad range of antibiotic-resistant aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The FDA issued a warning regarding an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections based on the pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable.261 In general, the deaths appear related to worsening or complications of the infection or underlying comorbidities. Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP) trial, particularly those with ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
TABLE 25.3\
\
Significant Food-Drug and Drug-Drug Interactions With Tetracyclines\
Interacting Agent	Effect	Comments\
Food	Tetracycline	\
Food may reduce absorption by 50%	Bioavailability is 60%\'9680% when taken on an empty stomach\
Doxycycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Minocycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Divalent or trivalent cations: aluminum, calcium, magnesium, iron, zinc	Significant reduction of all tetracycline absorption	Should not be administered concurrently with foods or drugs containing divalent or trivalent cations (i.e., antacids, sucralfate, didanosine, multivitamins)\
Kaolin and pectin	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	\
Bismuth subsalicylate	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	Separate administration of tetracycline from divalent or trivalent cations by 2hours\
Sodium bicarbonate	May decrease absorption of tetracycline	\
Cimetidine	Decreased tetracycline absorption	Effect not clinically significant\
Carbamazepine, phenytoin, barbiturates	Decreased half-life of doxycycline	Increases hepatic metabolism\
Chronic ethanol ingestion	Decreased half-life of doxycycline but not tetracycline	Possible mechanism: induction of hepatic microsomal enzymes\
Methoxyflurane or fluorinated anesthetic	Nephrotoxicity when administered with tetracycline agents	\
Diuretics	Increased blood urea nitrogen	Volume depletion may increase the nephrotoxic effects of tetracycline by unknown mechanisms\
Oral anticoagulants	Increased risk of bleeding	Tetracyclines may impair utilization of prothrombin and may decrease vitamin K production by intestinal bacteria; tigecycline decreases warfarin clearance, although a study found no effect in healthy volunteers\
Oral contraceptives	Reduced levels when administered with tetracyclines	\
Women should use an additional (mechanical) form of birth control\
Possible mechanism: reduction in bacterial hydrolysis of conjugated estrogen in the intestine\
Antiinfectives	May reduce antimicrobial activity of aminoglycosides and penicillins	\
Rare reports of in\'a0vitro antagonism\
Some clinicians recommend that the drugs not be used concomitantly\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Tigecycline is a semisynthetic derivative of minocycline. It has an N-alkyl-glycylamido moiety attached to the 9-position of minocycline.263 (See Fig. 25.1 for molecular structure.) The design is based on the premise that a peptide substituent would enhance ribosomal permeation and binding. The 9-glycyl substitution results in steric hindrance that enables tigecycline to overcome the two major types of tetracycline resistance: tetracycline-specific efflux pumps and ribosomal protection.264\
\
Tigecycline\'92s antibacterial mechanism of action is similar to that of older tetracyclines. It works by inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis by binding to bacterial 30S ribosomal subunits, ultimately blocking entry of aminoacyl transfer RNA molecules into the A site of the ribosome. This prevents amino acids from incorporating into elongating peptide chains, thus inhibiting protein synthesis.264,265 Like other tetracyclines, tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic because its interaction with the ribosome is reversible.8 Because glycylcyclines bind five times more strongly to the ribosome than tetracyclines, they are able to overcome the ribosomal protection mechanism of the tetracycline resistome.266,267\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Tigecycline is available only in intravenous formulation owing to its poor oral absorption. The recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by 50 mg every 12 hours. Infusions should be administered over approximately 30 to 60 minutes. According to the package insert, the recommended duration of treatment for cSSSIs or for cIAIs is 5 to 14 days. The recommended duration for treatment of CABP is 7 to 14 days. It has not been studied in children younger than 18.268\
\
In patients with renal impairment, no dose adjustment is necessary. In a pooled pharmacokinetic evaluation of tigecycline in healthy adult volunteers and in those with renal impairment, tigecycline had mostly linear pharmacokinetics across all dose ranges. Tigecycline is also not significantly removed by hemodialysis.269\
\
In patients with mild-to-moderate hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh A and B), no dose adjustment is necessary. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh C), the recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by a reduced maintenance dose of 25 mg every 12 hours. These patients should be treated with caution and monitored closely. In a study looking at various stages of liver dysfunction, patients with moderate liver disease had systemic clearance reduced by 25%, and the half-life was increased by 23%. In patients with severe liver disease, systemic clearance was decreased by 55% and the half-life was increased by 43%.270\
\
There do not appear to be any significant differences in tigecycline pharmacokinetic parameters on the basis of age, sex, or weight. Therefore, no dose adjustment appears necessary.271Page 340\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Tigecycline has limited oral bioavailability, hence it is available only in IV preparations. Food does not significantly alter pharmacokinetics and may reduce the nausea and vomiting seen as a side effect. The half-life of tigecycline ranges from 37 to 67 hours.272\
\
Drug Distribution\
In\'a0vitro plasma protein binding of tigecycline is 71% to 89%, and the volume of distribution is 7 to 10 L/kg, indicating extensive distribution into the tissues.272 In a 100-mg single-dose study of patients undergoing elective surgery or a medical procedure for tissue extraction, various tissue concentrations were measured. The respective mean and median concentration values of tigecycline in serum immediately after the end of a 100-mg infusion were 1.94 and 1.32 mg/L. Subsequent serum concentrations of tigecycline gradually declined to mean values of 0.22, 0.19, 0.11, and 0.07 mg/L at approximately 4, 8, 12, and 24 hours, respectively. Tissue penetration, expressed as the ratio of area under the curve (AUC)0\'9624h in tissue or body fluid to serum, was 537 for bile, 23 for gallbladder, 2.6 for colon, 2.0 for lung, 0.41 for bone, 0.31 for synovial fluid, and 0.11 for CSF.273 In a separate study of subjects without infections undergoing elective orthopedic procedures, multiple doses of tigecycline were shown to result in bone-to-serum ratios of approximately 4.77, showing penetration into bone.274 After standard dosing to 33 healthy volunteers, the tigecycline AUC0\'9612h in alveolar cells was 78-fold higher than the AUC0\'9612h in the serum. In epithelial lining fluid, the AUC0\'9612h was about 32% higher than in the serum.268,273 In the urine, after a 100-mg dose of tigecycline, urinary concentrations were about 0.3 \uc0\u956 g/mL.275 Clinical trials in urinary tract infections were abandoned on precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 Like the earlier-generation tetracyclines, tigecycline displays a time-dependent killing pattern and exhibits a considerable postantibiotic effect.277\
\
Drug Elimination\
The primary route of elimination for tigecycline is biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline and its metabolites. Using radiolabeled carbon-14 (14C)-tigecycline, studies have shown elimination primarily by the liver via biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline in the feces (59%). Glucuronidation and renal excretion of unchanged tigecycline are secondary routes. Thirty-two percent of tigecycline is eliminated in the urine.272,278\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Tigecycline has antibacterial activity against a wide variety of aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.4.Page 341\
\
TABLE 25.4\
\
Overview of the MIC50 and MIC90 Ranges, and the Wild-Type Cutoff Values for Various Species That Are Clinically Relevant for Tigecycline Use\
MIC50 (\uc0\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	Range (\u956 g/mL)	Eucast Wild-Type Cutoff\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'961	0.25\
S. aureus, methicillin-susceptible	0.12	0.12\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'961	0.25\
Staphylococcus epidermidis, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	0.5\
S. epidermidis, methicillin-susceptible	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'962	0.5\
Enterococcus faecalis, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
Enterococcus faecium, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
E. faecium, vancomycin-resistant	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.12		0.25\
Streptococcus pyogenes	0.06	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	0.125\
Streptococcus agalactiae	0.03\'960.06	0.12\'960.25	0.03\'961	0.25\
Streptococcus pneumoniae	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	\u8804 0.06\'961	0.125\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Enterobacterales	0.5	1	0.04\'9616	\'97\
Enterobacter spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.06\'968	\'97\
Enterobacter cloacae	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.5\'9616	2\
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.06\'9616	2\
Escherichia coli	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.03\'964	1\
Haemophilus influenzae	0.12\'960.5	0.25\'961	\uc0\u8804 0.008\'962	1\
Klebsiella spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.5\'968	2 (K. pneumoniae)\
Klebsiella pneumoniae ESBL+	1	2	0.12\'968	\'97\
Moraxella catarrhalis	0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.5	0.125\
Morganella morganii	2	4	1\'968	8\
Proteus spp.	4	4\'968	1\'9616	4/8\
Serratia spp.	1\'962	1\'964	0.5\'9616	4\
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	0.38\'961	1.5\'964	0.25\'968	4\
Pseudomonas aeruginosa	8\'9616	16 to \uc0\u8805 32	0.12\'9664	64\
Acinetobacter spp.	0.5\'963	1\'966	0.03\'968	\'97\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Bacteroides fragilis group	0.5\'961	0.5\'968	0.06\'9632	\'97\
Clostridioides difficile (formerly Clostridium difficile)	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	\'97\
Clostridium perfringens	0.12	1	0.06\'962	\'97\
Fusobacterium spp.	0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.25	\'97\
Peptostreptococcus spp.	0.06	0.06\'960.125	0.06\'960.12	\
ESBL, Extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; EUCAST, European Committee on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
From Nabuurs-Franssen M, Mouton JW. Tigecycline. In: Grayson ML, ed. Kucers\'92 The Use of Antibiotics. 6th ed. CRC Press; 2010:881\'96892.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against many Staphylococcus, Enterococcus, and Streptococcus species, including organisms resistant to many other classes of antibiotics. Among S. aureus, tigecycline has shown potent activity among both MSSA and MRSA strains.279-281 Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against community-associated MRSA strains as seen in a study of 1989 isolates with a susceptibility rate of 98.2%.282 In a European survey of common skin and skin structure pathogens, all MRSA isolates were susceptible to tigecycline.283\'a0Staphylococcus epidermidis has also been shown to be susceptible to tigecycline, including strains that are erythromycin resistant.284\
\
Tigecycline is also highly active against Enterococcus spp., including strains resistant to vancomycin. In a study of 97 vancomycin-resistant isolates, tigecycline was equally active against all VanA, VanB, and VanC phenotypes of glycopeptide resistance of enterococci.285 In the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) program, which took place from 2004 to 2009 and looked at various antimicrobials against Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium, all 2068 isolates of E. faecalis were susceptible to tigecycline in various European countries. Only 2 out of 893 (0.2%) of E. faecium isolates were resistant to tigecycline.286 In a Korean study, 4 out of 2005 (0.2%) of vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) isolates were resistant to tigecycline.287\
\
Streptococci have also been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline, including bloodstream isolates of viridans-group streptococcal species.288 Tigecycline has also shown excellent activity against \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci.289 Tigecycline was two- to fourfold more active than comparator agents against all 435 isolates of S. pneumoniae studied in the global TEST program, including those that were penicillin resistant and penicillin intermediate. Against the penicillin-susceptible S. pneumoniae isolates, tigecycline was less active than \u946 -lactam agents.290 In another study, tigecycline was noted to be bactericidal against 11 of 12 strains of S. pneumoniae.291\
\
Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against L. monocytogenes and coryneform bacteria.292\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Tigecycline has good activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of most strains of Proteus spp., Providencia spp., and Morganella spp.289,293,294 Enterobacterales that have developed resistance to tetracycline are susceptible to tigecycline because it remains stable and largely unaffected by the commonly occurring efflux and ribosomal protection resistance mechanisms. In a large global study, tetracycline-resistant populations demonstrated only modest decreases in potency to tigecycline, which appeared to be species dependent (up to twofold only for E. coli, Salmonella spp., Shigella spp., and Pantoea agglomerans and up to fourfold for Klebsiella spp., Enterobacter spp., and Citrobacter spp.).295 Other resistance mechanisms, such as extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase (ESBL) production, AmpC derepression, carbapenemase production, and resistance phenotypes, such as fluoroquinolone resistance, fluoroquinolone/ampicillin resistance, fluoroquinolone/TMP-SMX resistance, and multidrug resistance, do not have an influence on the MIC value of tigecycline.295-299\
\
Tigecycline has good activity against most lactose-nonfermenting gram-negative bacilli with the notable exception of P. aeruginosa. It remains one of the most active agents against Acinetobacter spp.290,293,300 Although most studies have noted a high level of Acinetobacter spp. susceptibility to tigecycline, one study in Israel noted that of 82 isolates, 66% were resistant, 12% were intermediate, and just 22% were susceptible to tigecycline.301 In the United States, most antimicrobial agents have shown reduced susceptibility to A. baumannii over recent years, including tigecycline.300\'a0S. maltophilia has been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline in\'a0vitro. In a large global survey of 1586 isolates, 95.5% were susceptible to tigecycline, which was second only to TMP-SMX (96%).302\
\
In another global study, 1220 strains of H. influenzae, 495 strains of Moraxella catarrhalis, and 17 strains of N. meningitidis were all susceptible to tigecycline.303\'a0Brucella melitensis is highly susceptible to tigecycline both in\'a0vitro and in blood and bone marrow cultures of adult patients with acute brucellosis.304-306 Tigecycline has reduced activity against B. cepacia.267\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against most gram-positive and gram-negative anaerobes. In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline were tested against 831 isolates of the B. fragilis group representing all of the species within the group. Tigecycline was more active than clindamycin, minocycline, and cefoxitin and less active than imipenem or piperacillin-tazobactam against all isolates of the B. fragilis group.307 In the European TEST program looking at Bacteroides, Prevotella, Anaerococcus, Clostridium, Finegoldia, and Peptostreptococcus spp., the lowest MIC values were noted for meropenem and tigecycline. Of note, tigecycline showed the lowest MIC90 against C. difficile (0.25 mg/L).308\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Tigecycline is highly active against C. pneumoniae, C. trachomatis, M. pneumoniae, and M. hominis.85,309 It is less active against U. urealyticum than tetracycline, with an MIC90 of 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL.309 In a guinea pig model, tigecycline was shown to be as effective as erythromycin against L. pneumophila, but the drug was inactivated by test medium that confounded susceptibility data. Tigecycline prevented death in the study, but treated guinea pigs were noted to have residual bacterial concentrations in the lungs, suggesting that tigecycline may not be the drug of choice for severe legionnaires\'92 disease, and prolonged therapy would be required.310\
\
Mycobacteria and Nocardia\
The rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM) appear to be highly susceptible to tigecycline. In two separate studies, every RGM isolate, mostly consisting of M. fortuitum, M. abscessus, and M. chelonae, was susceptible to tigecycline.97,311 All slowly growing nontuberculous mycobacteria, including M. avium complex, Mycobacterium lentiflavum, M. marinum, and M. kansasii, are resistant to tigecycline.97 The in\'a0vitro activity against M. tuberculosis appears poor.312 Tigecycline has modest activity against Nocardia spp., with an MIC90 of 4 \uc0\u956 g/mL. By comparison, minocycline has an MIC90 of 2 \u956 g/mL.103\
\
Clinical Uses\
Tigecycline is currently FDA approved for three indications: treatment of cSSSIs, cIAIs, and CABP. It is also used off-label for many other disease processes.\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Several clinical studies have compared tigecycline versus a combination of vancomycin and aztreonam for up to 14 days for the treatment of skin and skin structure infections. Similar results have been seen across studies that have shown tigecycline to be noninferior. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, tests of cure were between 73.3% and 84.3% for tigecycline and between 66.6% and 86.9% for the vancomycin-aztreonam group. Tests of cure for the clinically evaluable populations were 78.6% to 89.8% and 75.8% to 95%, respectively. Increased nausea and vomiting was consistently seen in the tigecycline group, whereas rash and elevated transaminases were consistently seen in the vancomycin-aztreonam group.256,313-316 In the largest study, no differences were noted in clinical cure rates in patients who were bacteremic (86% vs. 87.5%). Tigecycline had equal efficacy in patients with monomicrobial and polymicrobial infections.256\
\
In a phase III, randomized, double-blind trial conducted in subjects with diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, a 150-mg once-daily regimen of tigecycline did not meet criteria for noninferiority compared with ertapenem with or without vancomycin.317\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Tigecycline is an attractive option to treat cIAIs because its broad spectrum of activity is favorable against a potentially polymicrobial infection. In two large studies of cIAIs, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for 5 to 14 days of treatment. Complicated appendicitis was the most common infection, followed by complicated cholecystitis. The most common organisms were E. coli, Streptococcus anginosus group, and B. fragilis. Acute Physiology and Chronic Page 342Health Evaluation (APACHE) II scores were similar, and less than 4% of patients had scores over 15. Clinical cure rates were 86.1% for tigecycline and 86.2% for imipenem-cilastatin, meeting noninferiority criteria. There was no difference in cure rates between the two therapies for monomicrobial versus polymicrobial infections. Clinical cure rates for bacteremia were also similar (82% vs. 80%, respectively). Nausea and vomiting were more frequent in the tigecycline group.257,318\
\
Two other studies have compared tigecycline with a combination of ceftriaxone plus metronidazole for cIAIs. Clinical cure rates were between 70.4% and 81.8% in the tigecycline group and 74.3% and 79.4% in the ceftriaxone-metronidazole group, again displaying noninferiority.319,320\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Tigecycline has been approved for the treatment of CABP. It has been compared with levofloxacin in multiple studies with treatment durations between 7 and 14 days and Fine Pneumonia Severity Index scores typically from II to IV. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, test-of-cure results were between 78.7% and 84.4% for tigecycline and between 77.8% and 82.1% for the levofloxacin group. Test-of-cure results for the clinically evaluable populations were 88.9% and 90.6% and 85.3% and 87.2%, respectively. All trials met noninferiority criteria for tigecycline. As with other clinical trials, more patients tended to have nausea and vomiting in the tigecycline groups.258,259,321,322\
\
Tigecycline has also been looked at for treating VAP and HAP. In a retrospective review of 117 patients with VAP treated with tigecycline, 74 (63%) were determined by the physician to have clinical success. About half of the patients had a microbiologic diagnosis, and of those the most common organisms were Acinetobacter spp. (69%) and MRSA (22%). Eighty-four percent of the cases with Acinetobacter spp. were carbapenem resistant. Global mortality proportion was 33%.323 In a phase III randomized controlled trial involving 945 patients, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for the treatment of HAP. Cure rates were 67.9% for tigecycline and 78.2% for imipenem-cilastatin in the clinically evaluable group and 62.7% and 67.6% in the clinical modified intention-to-treat group, respectively. A statistical interaction occurred between VAP and non-VAP subgroups, with significantly lower cure rates in tigecycline-treated VAP patients compared with imipenem; in non-VAP patients, tigecycline was noninferior to imipenem. Overall mortality did not differ between the tigecycline (14.1%) and imipenem-cilastatin regimens (12.2%), although more deaths occurred in VAP patients treated with tigecycline than imipenem-cilastin.324 In a subsequent phase II study, the safety and efficacy of two higher doses of tigecycline (150 mg followed by 75 mg every 12 hours or 200 mg followed by 100 mg every 12 hours) were compared with imipenem-cilastatin in participants with HAP. In the clinically evaluable population, the rate of clinical cure with tigecycline 100 mg (17/20, 85.0%) was numerically higher than with tigecycline 75 mg (16/23, 69.6%) and imipenem-cilastatin (18/24, 75.0%). No new safety signals with the high-dose tigecycline were identified.325\
\
Other Uses\
Tigecycline is also used for many off-label indications. In an early-use registry of 113 patients, 22% received tigecycline for approved indications and 78% for off-label indications (56% with scientific support and 22% with limited or no scientific support).326\
\
Although there are no randomized prospective trials looking at the use of tigecycline for bacteremia, secondary bacteremia in prior clinical trials has been analyzed. Pooled data from subjects enrolled for treatment of cSSSI, cIAI, or CAP presenting with bacteremia from seven double-blind and one open-label trial of tigecycline compared with vancomycin-aztreonam, imipenem-cilastatin, levofloxacin, vancomycin, or linezolid were analyzed. A total of 170 subjects were identified, and clinical cure rates were 81.3% and 78.5% for tigecycline and the comparator. Nine patients treated with tigecycline were noted to have persistent bacteremia, as compared with one in the comparator group.327 Tigecycline, in a solution with N-acetylcysteine and heparin, was evaluated as a catheter-lock solution for catheter salvage in patients with hemodialysis catheter-associated bacteremia. Eighteen case patients received the catheter-lock solution for 14 days plus systemic antibiotic therapy. Treatment was successful for 15 (83%) of the 18 case patients within 90 days of follow-up.328\
\
In critically ill patients who have developed bacterial infections with multidrug resistance, tigecycline remains an attractive option owing to its ability to maintain in\'a0vitro activity. A phase III, open-label, noncomparator study evaluated tigecycline in patients with selected serious infections caused by resistant gram-negative bacteria, patients with treatment failures who had received prior antimicrobial therapy, or patients unable to tolerate other appropriate antimicrobials. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, CAP, HAP, VAP, and bacteremia (including catheter-associated bacteremia). Clinical cure rate was 72.2%, and the microbiologic eradication rate was 66.7%.329 Another phase III study compared the safety and efficacy of tigecycline with vancomycin or linezolid in hospitalized patients with MRSA or VRE infections. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, pneumonia, and bacteremia. For MRSA infection, clinical cure rates in the microbiologically evaluable population (n = 117) were 81.4% (70/86 patients) with tigecycline and 83.9% (26/31 patients) with vancomycin. Most infections were cSSSIs. There were only 15 patients enrolled with VRE, and the authors were not able to draw any conclusions.330 In a report of 110 cancer patients who developed serious infections, 64% were noted to have a clinical response when treated with tigecycline (92% were treated in combination with an antipseudomonal agent). Interesting to note, more patients with bacteremia than pneumonia had clinical response (79% vs. 51%). Mortality rates of those with pneumonia were 44%, compared with 16% with bacteremia.331 The combination of piperacillin-tazobactam and tigecycline was found to be more effective than piperacillin-tazobactam alone in febrile, neutropenic hematologic patients with cancer in an epidemiologic setting characterized by a high rate of MDR microorganisms.332 In a prospective, observational study of adults with extensively drug-resistant A. baumannii bacteremia, increased 14-day mortality was observed with the combination of colistin-tigecycline compared with a colistin-carbapenem regimen. The excess mortality may have been restricted to the subgroup with higher tigecycline MICs (>2 \uc0\u956 g/mL).333 In a systematic review and meta-analysis, tigecycline, particularly when given in high-doses and in combination with other agents, was found to have similar efficacy to other antibiotics for treating carbapenem-resistant gram-negative bacterial infections.334\
\
Clinical trials that have looked at use of tigecycline for urinary tract infections were abandoned at precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 In a retrospective cohort study of carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae bacteriuria, tigecycline, polymyxin B, and an aminoglycoside were compared. The microbiologic clearance rate was 88% in the aminoglycoside cohort (n = 41), 64% in the polymyxin B cohort (n = 25), 43% in the tigecycline cohort (n = 21), and 36% in an untreated cohort.335 Success with tigecycline for treating MDR K. pneumoniae and A. baumannii urinary tract infection or urosepsis has been reported with use of higher than approved doses of tigecycline, with initial doses between 200 and 400 mg and subsequent maintenance doses of 100 to 200 mg every 24 hours.275\
\
Interest in using tigecycline for CDIs has arisen owing to its in\'a0vitro activity and high stool concentrations. Currently, no randomized controlled trials have evaluated tigecycline for the treatment of CDI. There have been multiple case reports of use of tigecycline (alone or in combination with other CDI therapies) for the treatment of CDI, with most having a successful outcome.336-338 In a retrospective case-control study of severe CDI, 18 patients who received tigecycline (along with other CDI therapies) were compared with 26 similarly ill patients who did not receive tigecycline. There was no difference with regard to CDI survival, rates of colectomy, or relapse rates.339 In a propensity-matched cohort study of 28 cases of CDI treated with tigecycline compared with 140 cases without tigecycline, 30-day mortality was not statistically different.340\
\
Limited data exist regarding use of tigecycline for bone and joint infections. In the previously mentioned phase III study in diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, clinical cure rates in the substudy were low (<36%) for a subset of tigecycline-treated patients with osteomyelitis.317 Other small cases series have reported varying degrees of success using tigecycline for osteomyelitis.341,342Page 343\
\
Treatment of infections with RGM can be difficult. The safety and efficacy of a tigecycline-containing regimen for salvage treatment of 52 patients with M. abscessus and M. chelonae was performed. Included patients had both lung and extrapulmonary infections. Tigecycline given for at least 1 month as part of a multidrug regimen resulted in improvement in over 60% of patients, including those with underlying cystic fibrosis, despite failure of prior antibiotic therapy. AEs were reported in over 90% of cases, the most common being nausea and vomiting.343\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Tigecycline remains active against bacteria that contain efflux-mediated resistance to tetracyclines. This is likely a result of the efflux pump\'92s ineffectiveness in transporting tigecycline out of the cell, or from the inability of tigecycline to induce efflux proteins.344,345 There is also currently no evidence of gene mutations coding for RPPs for the tet family (tet(M), tet(O), tet(S)) for reduced susceptibility to tigecycline.\
\
The most common intrinsic tigecycline resistance observed in Proteus mirabilis and Morganella morganii is drug recognition and upregulation by the AcrAB efflux pump.346,347 Overexpression of this pump is also associated with the development of resistance to other gram-negative bacteria. P. aeruginosa is intrinsically resistant to tigecycline as a result of the MexXY-OprM multidrug efflux pump.348 A novel plasmid-mediated multidrug-resistant RND family efflux pump, TMexCD1-TOprJ1, has been identified in carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae and other gram-negative bacilli including Pseudomonas spp. in China.349\
\
The overexpression of MepA, a novel MATE family efflux pump, may contribute to decreased activity of tigecycline against S. aureus.350\
\
Adverse Reactions\
Gastrointestinal Side Effects\
\
As with older tetracyclines, the most commonly reported adverse reactions to tigecycline are gastrointestinal in nature. As seen in multiple phase III clinical trials, nausea (26%) and vomiting (18%) were the most reported side effects.256,257,268,313,351 The majority of these symptoms (95%) were mild to moderate and occurred after 1 to 2 days of therapy. The side effects are dose related; 100 mg was the highest dose tolerated in fasting healthy participants, and 200 mg was the highest dose tolerated with food.272 However, the risk of side effects was found to be similar in a review of 134 patients given standard or high-dose regimens for VAP.352 Less reported side effects are anorexia, dry mouth, dysgeusia, and loose stool.296\
\
Hepatotoxicity and Pancreatitis\
Transient elevations in transaminases and alkaline phosphatase levels have been seen.353 In phase III clinical trials, the incidence of increased liver function test results was significantly lower with tigecycline than with comparator drugs.256,258 However, in a recent retrospective review of 397 patients treated with at least 7 days of tigecycline, the prevalence of drug-induced liver injury (DILI) was 10.3%.354 Independent risk factors for DILI were abnormal baseline alanine aminotransferase levels, intensive care unit admission, and treatment length. Case reports of mild tigecycline-induced acute pancreatitis have also been reported.355\
\
Other Side Effects\
Other side effects reported from clinical trials that have an incidence between 2% and 7% include (in descending order) infection, headache, anemia, hypoproteinemia, asthenia, phlebitis, elevated blood urea nitrogen (BUN), abnormal healing, dizziness, skin rash, pneumonia, and abscess formation.268\
\
Increased Mortality\
In 2010 the FDA issued a warning of an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections on the basis of pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In those studies, death occurred in 4% (150/3788) of patients receiving tigecycline and 3% (110/3646) of patients receiving comparator drugs. Based on a random effects model by trial weight, an adjusted risk difference of all-cause mortality was 0.6% (95% confidence interval, 0.1\'961.2) between tigecycline- and comparator-treated patients. Deaths were generally the result of worsening infection, complications of infections, or underlying comorbidities. Among indications, the mortality difference was not statistically significant. However, mortality in tigecycline-treated patients was numerically greater in every infection and considerably greater in VAP (19.1% vs. 12.3%). Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the HAP trial, particularly those with VAP with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable. After the 2010 warning was issued, data were analyzed from 10 clinical trials conducted only for FDA-approved uses (cSSSI, cIAI, CABP), including trials conducted after the drug was approved. This analysis showed a higher risk of death among patients receiving tigecycline compared with other antibacterial drugs: 2.5% (66/2640) versus 1.8% (48/2628), respectively. The adjusted risk difference for death was 0.6% with corresponding 95% confidence interval (0.0\'961.2).261\
\
Several meta-analyses prompted the FDA to look into the efficacy and safety of tigecycline. Depending on what clinical trials (published and unpublished) were included, results varied.356-358\
\
Drug Interactions\
In\'a0vitro studies in human liver microsomes have indicated that tigecycline is not a substrate, inhibitor, or inducer of common cytochrome P450 enzymes; therefore such pharmacokinetic drug interactions are unlikely.359 However, concomitant administration of tigecycline and warfarin in healthy participants resulted in a decrease in clearance of R-warfarin and S-warfarin by 40% and 23%, an increase in Cmax by 38% and 43%, and an increase in AUC by 68% and 29%, respectively.268 No significant effects of tigecycline on digoxin pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics were noted in a study of 20 healthy men.360\
\
Eravacycline and Omadacycline\
Two new tetracycline derivatives were approved by the FDA in late 2018. Eravacycline is a fluorocycline antibiotic and is FDA approved for cIAIs in adults.361 Omadacycline is an aminomethylcycline and is FDA approved for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP.362 Both drugs carry the same package insert label, which is to recommend that these two drugs should be used only to treat or prevent infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. This precaution is to reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of eravacycline and omadacycline and other antibacterial drugs.363 Eravacycline also has a label precaution that it is not indicated for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTIs). Omadacycline has an additional label precaution about the mortality imbalance in patients with CABP. In the CABP trial, a mortality rate of 2.1% was observed in omadacycline-treated patients compared with 0.8% in moxifloxacin-treated patients (P = .14).362 The cause of the mortality imbalance has not been established. Providers should closely monitor clinical response to therapy in CABP patients, particularly in those at higher risk for mortality.\
\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Eravacycline is a synthetic fluorocycline that is similar in structure to tigecycline but with two important tetracycline core modifications (see Fig 25.1). The dimethylamine moiety at C-7 is replaced by a fluorine atom and the 2-tertiary-butyl glycylamido moiety at C-9 is replaced by a pyrrolidinoacetamido group.364 Omadacycline is a semisynthetic aminomethylcycline that is also similar in structure to tigecycline but with an alkylaminomethyl group replacing the glycylamido group at the C-9 position (see Fig 25.1).365 Similar to other tetracyclines, eravacycline and omadacycline inhibit bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit.\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Eravacycline recommended dosing is 1 mg/kg by IV infusion over 60 minutes every 12 hours. No dose adjustment is required in patients Page 344with renal impairment. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child Pugh C), the dose should be reduced starting on day 2 to 1 mg/kg every 24 hours. With concomitant use of a strong CYP3A inducer, the dose should be increased to 1.5 mg/kg every 12 hours.361 Eravacycline dosed by actual body weight in obese patients (body mass index \uc0\u8805  30 kg/m2) has been shown to have therapeutic utility with an acceptable safety profile.366\
\
Omadacycline recommended dosing for ABSSSI and CABP is 200 mg by IV infusion over 60 minutes on day 1 (given once or divided into two 100-mg doses), followed by 100 mg IV daily or 300 mg orally daily. For ABSSSI treatment, loading doses can be done with 450 mg orally once daily on days 1 and 2, followed by 300 mg orally daily. No dose adjustment is recommended in patients with renal or hepatic impairment.362\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Based on a study of healthy males, the oral bioavailability of eravacycline is estimated to be 28% (range, 26%\'9632%) with a median time to maximum plasma concentration (tmax) value of 2 to 2.5 hours and maximum plasma concentration (Cmax) of 0.23 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 200-mg dose.367 The half-life after a single dose and multiple doses is 22 and 34 hours, respectively.364 However, development of an oral dose formulation for oral eravacycline has been discontinued.\
\
Omadacycline has an estimated bioavailability of 34.5% with a Cmax of 0.31 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 300-mg dose.368 The half-life is approximately 17.6 \'b1 1.45 hours.369\
\
Drug Distribution\
Eravacycline has a volume of distribution at steady state (Vss) of 3.3 to 4.2 L/kg and is 79% to 90% protein-bound.364 In a phase 1 study of healthy volunteers, the mean Cmax of eravacycline dosed 1 mg/kg every 12 hours for 7 doses was 1.29 \'b1 0.4 mg/L.370 The total AUC0-12h in plasma was 4.56 \'b1 0.94 mg\'b7h/L with an estimated free AUC0-12h value of 0.77 \'b1 0.14 mg\'b7h/L. The AUC0-12h in epithelial lining fluid (ELF) and alveolar macrophages was 4.93 mg\'b7h/L and 39.53 mg\'b7h/L, respectively, with an estimated penetration ratio to free plasma of 6.44 and 51.63.\
\
The Vss of omadacycline in healthy human subjects is 190 to 204 L.371,372 After the administration of 100 mg IV omadacycline, the Cmax is 1.92 to 2.12 mg/L.371,372 The protein binding in human plasma is 21.3%, which is lower than other tetracyclines.373 Omadacycline has good intrapulmonary penetration. The AUC24h values in ELF and alveolar cells in healthy human subjects were 17.2 mg\'b7h/L and 302.5 mg\'b7h/L, giving the AUC24h ratios relative to the free AUC24h in plasma of 1.47 and 25.8, respectively.371 These intrapulmonary concentrations were higher than healthy subjects treated with tigecycline.\
\
Drug Elimination\
After a single 60-mg IV dose of radiolabeled eravacycline, 47.8% of the dose was recovered in feces while renal excretion accounted for about 34% of the dose.374\
\
Elimination of omadacycline after a single 300-mg dose was found to be primarily fecal (81.1%) and less urinary excretion (14.4%).369\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Both eravacycline and omadacycline have very broad in\'a0vitro activity against gram-positive, gram-negative, and anaerobic organisms, including multidrug-resistant organisms. Eravacycline is two- to fourfold more active than tigecycline against most aerobic gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, whereas omadacycline generally has comparable MIC values to tigecycline but lower MIC values than tetracycline.364,365 For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.5.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Eravacycline retains potent activity against staphylococci, enterococci, and streptococci regardless of concurrent resistance phenotypes.375-377 For S. aureus, eravacycline activity is independent of methicillin resistance, macrolide resistance, fluoroquinolone resistance, daptomycin nonsusceptibility, linezolid resistance, or the expression of Panton-Valentine leucocidin.375 Similarly, eravacycline remains highly active against both E. faecalis and E. faecium independent of vancomycin resistance, linezolid resistance, and daptomycin nonsusceptibility. Eravacycline is also highly active against all streptococci, including S. pneumoniae expressing penicillin and/or macrolide resistance, as well as tetracycline resistance.375\
\
Omadacycline also demonstrates broad in\'a0vitro activity against clinically relevant gram-positive bacteria, including S. aureus, E. faecalis, E. faecium, S. pneumoniae, and \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci, carrying ribosomal protection [tet(M), tet(O), and tet(S)] and efflux [tet(K) and tet(L)] resistance genes.378 Activity is retained against key resistant phenotypes, including MRSA, tetracycline-resistant S. aureus, methicillin-resistant CoNS, vancomycin-resistant E. faecium, penicillin-resistant S. pneumoniae, and macrolide-resistant S. pneumoniae.378,379\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Eravacycline has broad gram-negative activity that is minimally affected by gram-negative tetracycline-specific resistance mechanisms.380 In a study of >2000 pathogens isolated from 13 Canadian hospitals, eravacycline displayed potency greater than or equal to tigecycline for each of the 9 Enterobacterales species tested (E. coli, K. pneumoniae, K. oxytoca, Enterobacter cloacae, Serratia marcescens, M. morganii, and Citrobacter freundii).376 MIC values were one doubling-dilution lower for ESBL-nonproducing isolates compared with ESBL-producing isolates of E. coli. In another study of 445 isolates of E. coli, eravacycline demonstrated an MIC90 of \uc0\u8804 0.5 \u956 g/mL, of which 127 (29%) isolates were intermediately resistant or resistant to third-generation cephalosporins, including isolates producing one or more ESBLs or cabapenemases.375 The drug exhibited similar potency against fluoroquinolone-resistant, aminoglycoside-resistant, tetracycline-resistant, and multidrug-resistant isolates. Eravacycline exhibits activity against some non\'96lactose-fermenting gram-negative bacteria such as S. maltophilia and A. baumannii, but does not have appreciable activity against P. aeruginosa or Burkholderia cenocepacia.375,376\
\
Omadacycline has activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of P. mirabilis and indole-positive Proteus spp.379 It is somewhat less potent against ESBL-producing E. coli and K. pneumoniae compared with ESBL-nonproducing strains. Omadacycline has excellent activity against H. influenzae (regardless of \uc0\u946 -lactamase production) and M. catarrhalis. Similar to eravacycline, though less potent, omadacycline has activity against A. baumannii and S. maltophilia, but not P. aeruginosa.379\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
In a study of 292 anaerobic pathogens, eravacycline displayed excellent in\'a0vitro activity.375 Eravacycline is more potent against B. fragilis than non-fragilis Bacteroides, and displays activity against other gram-negative anaerobes like Porphyromonas asaccharolytica and Prevotella spp. Eravacycline also has low MIC90 values against gram-positive anaerobes such as C. difficile, Peptostreptococcus spp., Actinomyces spp., Anaerococcus spp., Bifidobacterium spp., Eggerthella spp., Finegoldia magna, Lactobacillus spp., Peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus, and Cutibacterium (Propionibacterium) acnes.375\
\
Omadacycline also has in\'a0vitro activity against many clinically relevant anaerobic bacteria. In a study of 186 isolates, omadacycline activity was found to be similar to that of tigecycline, with MIC90 values of 1 to 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL against Bacteroides spp.; 0.5 \u956 g/mL against C. difficile, Prevotella spp., and P. asaccharolytica; 1 \u956 g/mL against Peptostreptococcus spp.; and 16 \u956 g/mL against Clostridium perfringens.381\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Eravacycline was found to have MIC50/90 values of 1/2 \uc0\u956 g/mL against Legionella pneumophilia with a range of 0.016 to 2 \u956 g/mL.375 In a study of 134 isolates of M. genitalium, M. hominis, M. pneumoniae, Ureaplasma parvum, and U. urealyticum, eravacycline MICs were \u8804  0.25 \u956 g/mL for most isolates.382 Eravacycline was more potent than all comparator agents (tetracycline, azithromycin, moxifloxacin, and clindamycin).\
\
Omadacycline is also active against atypical bacteria. In a study of 100 isolates of L. pneumophila, omadacycline demonstrated relative intracellular penetrance comparable to other antibiotics used for CABP treatment.383 Omadacycline is active against M. pneumoniae, M. Page 345hominis, and Ureaplasma spp. regardless of macrolide, tetracycline, or fluoroquinolone resistance.384 Omadacycline also has activity against C. pneumoniae comparable to doxycycline, azithromycin, moxifloxacin, and levofloxacin.385\
\
TABLE 25.5\
\
Overview of the MIC50 and MIC90 Ranges for Various Species That Are Clinically Relevant for Eravacycline and Omadacycline Use\
Eravacycline	Omadacycline\
MIC50 (\uc0\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	RANGE (\u956 g/mL)	MIC50 (\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	RANGE (\u956 g/mL)\
Gram-Positive Aerobic Bacteria\
Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-susceptible	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5	0.12	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'962\
S. aureus, methicillin-resistant	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'964	0.12	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'968\
Staphylococcus epidermidis	0.06	0.25	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5	0.06	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'960.5\
Coagulase-negative Staphylococci (all)				0.12	1	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'962\
Enterococcus faecalis	0.06	0.06	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.12	0.12	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'964\
Enterococcus faecium, vancomycin-susceptible	0.06	0.06	0.03\'960.5	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'961\
E. faecium, vancomycin-resistant	0.06	0.06	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.25	0.12	0.5	\u8804 0.015\'968\
Streptococcus pyogenes	0.03	0.03	\uc0\u8804 0.004\'960.12	0.06	0.12	\u8804 0.015\'960.5\
Streptococcus agalactiae	0.03	0.03	0.008\'960.06	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5\
Streptococcus pneumoniae (all)	0.015	0.015	\uc0\u8804 0.004\'960.03	0.06	.012	\u8804 0.015\'961\
Streptococcus pneumoniae, penicillin-resistant	0.008	0.015	\uc0\u8804 0.008\'960.03	0.06	0.12	\u8804 0.015\'961\
Gram-Negative Aerobic Bacteria\
Acinetobacter baumannii	0.5	1	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'968	2	8	0.06 to >32\
Citrobacter spp.				1	4	0.25 to >32\
Citrobacter freundii	0.25	0.5	0.06\'962	1	4	0.5\'9616\
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes	0.25	1	0.12\'962			\
Enterobacter cloacae	0.5	1	0.06\'968	2	4	0.25 to >32\
Enterobacter spp. (noncloacae)				2	4	0.06 to >32\
Escherichia coli (all)	0.25	0.5	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'964	0.5	2	0.12\'9632\
Escherichia coli ESBL+	0.25	0.5	0.03\'962	1	4	0.12 to >32\
Haemophilus influenza	0.12	0.25	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5	1	1	0.12\'9616\
Klebsiella oxytoca	0.25	1	0.03\'962	1	4	0.25\'9632\
Klebsiella pneumoniae (all)	0.5	1	0.03\'9616	2	8	0.12 to >32\
Klebsiella pneumoniae ESBL+	0.5	1	0.13\'968	2	8	0.25 to >32\
Klebsiella pneumoniae CARB\'96I/R	0.5	2	0.13\'9616			\
Moraxella catarrhalis	0.03	0.06	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.6	0.12	0.25	0.06\'961\
Morganella morganii	1	2	0.5\'964			\
Neisseria gonorrhoeae	0.13	0.25	0.06\'960.5	2	4	0.25\'964\
Proteus mirabilis (all)	1	2	0.25\'9616	16	>32	1 to >32\
Proteus mirabilis\
CARB-I/R\
1	4	0.25\'9616			\
Pseudomonas aeruginosa	8	16	0.06\'9664	32	128	1\'96128\
Salmonella spp.	0.25	0.25	0.12\'960.5	2	4	0.12\'9616\
Serratia marcescens	1	2	0.25\'968	4	8	0.5 to >32\
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	0.5	1	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'968	2	8	0.25 to >32\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Bacteroides fragilis	0.25	2	0.06\'962	0.5	4	0.25\'9616\
Bacteroides ovatus	0.5	4	0.015\'968	0.5	8	0.06 to >16\
Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron	0.5	1	0.12\'964	1	4	0.12\'9616\
Clostridioides difficile	0.06	0.12	0.03\'960.25	0.25	0.5	0.12\'968\
Clostridium perfringens	0.5	1	0.06\'964	4	16	0.12\'9616\
Fusobacterium spp.	0.12	0.25	0.03\'960.25	0.25	0.25	0.25\'961\
Peptostreptococcus spp.	0.06	0.25	0.015\'960.5	0.12	1	0.06\'962\
CARB-I/R, Carbapenem intermediate or resistant isolates; ESBL, extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
Modified from Zhanel GG, et\'a0al. Review of eravacycline, a novel fluorocycline antibacterial agent. Drugs. 2016;76(5):567\'96588; and Zhanel GG, et\'a0al. Omadacycline: a novel oral and intravenous aminomethylcycline antibiotic agent. Drugs. 2020;80(3):285\'96313.\
\
Mycobacteria\
In a study of 60 isolates of rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM), of which 
\f1 \uc0\u8764 
\f0 70% were tetracycline resistant, eravacycline was active against all species tested with MIC50 ranges of \uc0\u8804 0.015 to 0.5 and \u8804 0.015 to 0.12 \u956 g/mL for 100% and 80% inhibition, respectively.386 RGM isolates included in this study were M. abscessus subsp. abscessus, M. abscessus subsp. massiliense, M. chelonae, M. immunogenum, M. fortuitum group, and M. mucogenicum group. Eravacycline displayed higher MICs against 50 slowly growing mycobacteria (SGM) species isolates, including 16 M. avium complex (MAC) isolates. The eravacycline MICs were higher (MIC range >8 \u956 g/mL), except for M. kansasii and M. marinum (MIC50 values of 1 \u956 g/mL).386Page 346\
\
In a similar study, omadacycline was tested against 111 isolates of nontuberculous mycobacteria, including 70 isolates of RGM of which >90% were tetracycline resistant.387 Omadacycline was active against all RGM species tested (M. abscessus subsp. abscessus, M. abscessus subsp. massiliense, M. chelonae, M. immunogenum, M. fortuitum group, and M. mucogenicum group), with MIC50 ranges of 0.004 to 0.25 and 0.06 to 1 \uc0\u956 g/mL for 80% and 100% inhibition, respectively. Against SGM, including MAC, omadacycline MICs were higher (MIC range, 8 to >16 \u956 g/mL; n = 41).387\
\
Clinical Uses\
General\
\
Eravacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of adults with cIAIs, whereas omadacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP in adults. Both agents have drawn interest in off-label usages because of their extended spectrum of activity.\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Omadacycline is FDA approved for CABP in adults based on the results of a phase III double-blind randomized controlled trial,388 in which patients with a pneumonia severity index risk class of II, III, or IV were randomized to either omadacycline (100 mg IV every 12 hours for two doses, then 100 mg IV every 24 hours) or moxifloxacin (400 mg IV every 24 hours) with an optional oral transition (omadacycline 300 mg every 24 hours or moxifloxacin 400 mg every 24 hours) after 3 days of IV treatment. Omadacycline was noninferior to moxifloxacin for early clinical response (ECR) at days 3 to 5 (81.1% and 82.7%, respectively), and the rates of investigator-assessed clinical response at the posttreatment evaluation (PTE) 5 to 10 days after the last drug dose were 87.6% and 85.1%, respectively. Gastrointestinal events were common in both groups (10.2% and 18%, respectively). All eight patients that developed C. difficile were among the moxifloxacin group. The mortality rate was 2.1% in the omadacycline group compared with 1% in the moxifloxacin group. All deaths occurred in patients > 65 years of age, and the cause of mortality imbalance was not established.\
\
Although eravacycline has not been FDA approved for any respiratory tract infection, it has been used and studied retrospectively. In an observational, retrospective cohort study of 93 patients with difficult-to-treat A. baumannii pneumonia, patients receiving eravacycline were compared with those receiving best available therapy.389 Eravacycline failed to show improved outcomes over best previously available therapy, and was associated with higher 30-day mortality (33% vs. 15%; P = .048), lower microbiologic cure (17% vs. 59%; P = .004), and longer durations of mechanical ventilation (10.5 vs. 6.5 days; P = .016). These findings may have been driven by significantly more patients with A. baumannii bacteremia and coinfection with SARS-CoV-2 at baseline in the group that received eravacycline. All 4 patients with bacteremia that received eravacycline died by day 30, which raises concern for the utility of eravacycline for treatment of bloodstream infections. Other smaller data sets without comparator groups have found clinical success using eravacycline for pneumonia.390-392\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Omadacycline is FDA approved for ABSSSI based on two phase III double-blind randomized controlled trials comparing omadacycline to linezolid.393,394 The first one enrolled a global population and randomized patients to receive omadacycline (100 mg IV every 12 hours for two doses, then 100 mg IV every 24 hours) or linezolid (600 mg IV every 12 hours) with an option to transition to oral therapy (omadacycline 300 mg every 24 hours or linezolid 600 mg every 12 hours) after 3 days. The second trial was conducted in the US and randomized patients to receive either oral omadacycline (450 mg every 24 hours over the first 48 hours then 300 mg every 24 hours) or oral linezolid (600 mg every 12 hours). In both studies, omadacycline was noninferior to linezolid with a similar safety profile. In an integrated analysis of the two studies, omadacycline was noninferior to linezolid using the FDA primary endpoint of ECR at 48 to 72 hours (86.2% vs. 83.9%%, respectively) and using the European Medicines Agency primary endpoint of investigator-assessed clinical response at the PTE in the modified intent-to-treat population (85.1% vs. 82.1%, respectively).395 The most common treatment-emergent adverse event in the omadacycline group was nausea (21.9% compared with 8.7% getting linezolid) and vomiting (11.4% compared with 3.9% getting linezolid). The higher rates of nausea and vomiting were associated with the oral 450-mg loading dose during the first 2 days of the second trial.\
\
Published efficacy of eravacycline for skin and skin structure infections is limited to successful reports from small, retrospective case series without comparator groups.390-392\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Eravacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of cIAIs based on the results of two phase III randomized controlled clinical trials. In the first trial, hospitalized patients with cIAIs requiring surgical or percutaneous intervention were randomized to receive either eravacycline 1 mg/kg every 12 hours or ertapenem 1 g every 24 hours for a minimum of 4 days.396 For the microbiological intent-to-treat population, the rates of clinical cure were 86.8% in the eravacycline group and 87.6% in the ertapenem group, meeting the prespecified noninferiority margin. Both drugs were well tolerated. In the second trial, hospitalized patients were randomized to either eravacycline 1 mg/kg every 12 hours or meropenem 1 g every 8 hours IV for 4 to 14 days.397 Eravacycline was found to be noninferior to meropenem for the primary endpoint of clinical cure after 25 to 31 days from start of therapy (90.8% vs. 92.1%, respectively). Clinical cure rates were also similar in the subset of 29 patients with ESBL-producing Enterobacterales for eravacycline compared with meropenem (87.5% vs. 84.6%, respectively). Adverse event rates for eravacycline were low (<5%) and mainly gastrointestinal in nature.\
\
Other Uses\
In two separate phase III clinical trials for the treatment of cUTIs, eravacycline (given IV before eligibility for an oral transition) did not achieve noninferiority to comparator agents (levofloxacin and ertapenem).398,399 As a result of these trials, eravacycline includes a limitation of use in its package insert that it is not indicated for the treatment of cUTIs.361\
\
Omadacycline was evaluated in a post-hoc analysis of 63 patients with secondary bacteremia enrolled in the three phase III clinical trials of ABSSSI and CABP.400 The clinical success at ECR of omadacycline versus comparator agents was 64.3% (18/28) and 85.7% (30/35), respectively, and the clinical success at PTE of omadacycline versus comparator agents was 75% (21/28) and 82.9% (29/35), respectively.\
\
In a case series of omadacycline use in multidrug-resistant and extensively drug-resistant gram-negative infections, clinical success occurred in 6/9 (66.7%) cases.401 The majority of infections were bone/joint (clinical success in 4/5) and the most commonly isolated pathogen was carbapenem-resistant A. baumannii (clinical success in 4/5). Omadacycline may also have a role for the treatment of M. abscessus based on a few small cases series.402,403\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Similar to tigecycline, both eravacycline and omadacycline were designed to overcome common mechanisms of tetracycline resistance such as efflux pumps and RPPs. In a study of E. coli cells expressing recombinant tetracycline resistance genes, the MIC values of eravacycline were minimally affected by common efflux pump (tet(A), tet(B), tet(K)) and RPP (tet(M)) tetracycline resistance genes.380 The expression of adeB efflux gene in A. baumannii correlates with eravacycline MICs.404 Omadacycline is also minimally affected by efflux pumps and RPPs, but may be impacted by drug degradation and 16S rRNA mutations that decrease the affinity of the drug to the ribosome.405,406\
\
Adverse Reactions\
Based on phase III clinical trial data, the most common side effects of eravacycline were infusion site reactions (7.7%), nausea (6.5%) and vomiting (3.7%).396,397 Other adverse reactions reported in 1% to 3% of patients were diarrhea, hypotension, and wound dehiscence. Both eravacycline and comparator groups had 2% of patients discontinue treatment because of adverse events. For eravacycline, this was most commonly due to gastrointestinal disorders.Page 347\
\
Similarly, the most common adverse reactions of omadacycline seen in phase III clinical trials were also gastrointestinal in nature. Nausea occurred more frequently when omadacycline was given as an oral loading dose (30%) compared with IV-to-oral switch trials (2.4%\'9612%).388,393,394 Vomiting also was more frequent with an oral loading dose (17%) compared with IV-to-oral switch (2.6%\'965%). Other adverse events that occurred in 2% to 5% of patients included infusion site reactions, elevated alanine and aspartate aminotransferases, elevated gamma-glutamyl transferase, hypertension, headache, diarrhea, insomnia, and constipation. Omadacycline and comparator agents had similar rates of serious adverse reactions (3.6% vs. 3.6%, respectively) and discontinuation because of adverse reactions (3.1% vs. 3.4%, respectively). In the clinical trial for CABP, 8 deaths (2%) occurred in the group that received omadacycline compared with 4 deaths (1%) in the group that received moxifloxacin.388 All 12 deaths occurred in patients over 65 years of age with various causes including progression of underlying pneumonia or respiratory compromise, HAP, cardiac or vascular events, and cancer. The cause of mortality imbalance has not been established, and it is recommended that those at higher risk for mortality be closely monitored. The FDA has required a postmarketing study from the pharmaceutical manufacturer and added a package insert warning for the mortality imbalance.362 In the two phase III clinical trials for ABSSSI, 1 death (0.1%) was reported in the groups that received omadacycline compared with 3 deaths (0.4%) in the groups that received linezolid. No death was determined to be related to the study treatment.393,394\
\
Breastfeeding is not recommended while on either agent. Both drugs carry warning labels for permanent tooth discoloration and enamel hypoplasia, and reversible inhibition of bone growth if used during the second and third trimesters of pregnancy and during childhood up to age 8.361,362\
\
Drug and Food Interactions\
Concomitant administration with rifampin reduces total eravacycline exposure by approximately 25% to 35% and increases clearance by approximately 50%.374 Thus, the dose of eravacycline should be increased to 1.5 mg/kg every 12 hours when coadministered with a strong CYP3A inducer, such as rifampin or phenytoin.\
\
In a phase 1 study, omadacycline bioavailability was reduced by 15% to 17% by a nondairy meal 4 hours before dosing, 40% to 42% by a nondairy meal 2 hours before dosing, and 59% to 63% for a dairy meal 2 hours before dosing.407 Similar to other tetracyclines, omadacycline absorption is impaired by antacids containing aluminum, calcium, or magnesium; bismuth subsalicylate; and iron-containing preparations. Thus, it is recommended that oral dosing be given with water after fasting for at least 4 hours, and to avoid food or drink (except water) for 2 hours and dairy products, antacids, or multivitamins for 4 hours after dosing.362 Omadacycline is unlikely to be affected by other drugs that inhibit or induce enzymatic and/or transport pathways.369\
\
Both drugs have similar label warnings for patients who are on anticoagulant therapy that they may require downward adjustments of anticoagulant dosing while on these agents.\
\
Chloramphenicol\
Chloramphenicol is a broad-spectrum antibiotic that has been in clinical use since 1949. It was developed from the soil organism Streptomyces venezuelae.408 It remains an inexpensive drug that is active against many gram-positive, gram-negative, anaerobic, and atypical organisms. Because of the risk of aplastic anemia, chloramphenicol is no longer the drug of choice for any specific infection.409,410 Its use in the high-income countries of the world is limited to life-threatening infections without safer alternatives. However, it is still commonly used in many low- and medium-income countries (LMICs).\
\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
The structure of chloramphenicol is shown in Fig. 25.2. It has a paranitrobenzene ring attached to a propanediol group with a dichloracetamide side chain.\
\
Chloramphenicol inhibits protein synthesis by reversibly binding to the peptidyl transferase cavity of the 50S subunit of the bacterial 70S ribosome. This prevents the aminoacyl-tRNA from binding to the ribosome, thus terminating polypeptide chain synthesis.411,412 Once chloramphenicol is removed, protein synthesis is able to resume if drug exposure was brief enough.413 This mechanism results in bacteriostatic activity against most organisms. However, chloramphenicol is bactericidal at clinically achievable concentrations against some meningeal organisms such as S. pneumoniae, N. meningitidis, and H. influenzae.414 It has been postulated that the dose-related bone marrow suppression of chloramphenicol is caused by its inhibition of protein synthesis in mammalian mitochondria, which contain 70S ribosomes.415\
\
\
FIG. 25.2\'a0Chemical structure of chloramphenicol.\
Follow for extended description\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosage\
\
Chloramphenicol is available in multiple formulations. Oral preparations are 250-mg capsules and a 150-mg/mL palmitate solution. In the United States, oral preparations have not been manufactured since 1991. IV preparations come in 1-g vials of sodium succinate powder for reconstitution. Infusions in adults are generally administered over a period of 30 minutes. There is an otic topical formulation that is a 0.5% otic solution, which is not available in the United States. There are a few different ophthalmic preparations: 0.5% solution, 1% ointment, and 25 mg/vial powder for ophthalmic solution. Only the ointment is available in the United States.\
\
The recommended dose for newborn infants younger than 2 weeks old is 25 mg/kg/day divided in 6-hour intervals. Full-term infants older than 2 weeks can receive 50 mg/kg/day divided in 6-hour intervals. In older children and adults, the dose is 50 mg/kg/day divided in 6-hour intervals. For severe infections, such as meningitis, doses up to 100 mg/kg/day in 6-hour intervals may be used. The maximum daily intake should not exceed 4 g total.410 Routine monitoring of serum concentrations should be performed, particularly in newborns and those with hepatic dysfunction. Peak serum levels between 15 and 25 mg/L have been suggested for children.416,417 Others have suggested 10 to 20 mg/L and that levels higher than 25 mg/L are associated with toxicity.418 If the white blood cell count decreases below 2500/\uc0\u956 L, discontinuation of the drug should strongly be considered.\
\
In patients with impaired renal function, usual doses may be administered because active chloramphenicol does not accumulate in the serum.13 Inactive chloramphenicol metabolites do accumulate in the serum, but this has not been associated with toxicity.419 Increased clearance of chloramphenicol occurs during dialysis, but this may be important only in patients with hepatic dysfunction. It is recommended that the normal maintenance dose of the drug be administered after dialysis to avoid the possibility of increased clearance.420 Peritoneal dialysis does not alter the half-life of active chloramphenicol; thus the dose does not need adjustment.421 Limited data exist for dosing during continuous renal replacement therapy.\
\
Total body clearance of chloramphenicol is reduced in patients with liver dysfunction because the drug is metabolized by the liver.422 Serum levels should be monitored closely.\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Oral chloramphenicol capsules are approximately 80% bioavailable as they are rapidly absorbed from the intestinal tract. Serum levels with the oral palmitate solution are lower than with the capsule form. The palmitate ester is biologically inactive and is absorbed after being hydrolyzed by pancreatic lipases in the upper intestinal tract to free chloramphenicol. Even so, the oral palmitate ester can achieve higher serum levels as compared with the IV succinate form.419 The Page 348rate of hydrolysis of the succinate by hepatic enzymes determines the concentration of active chloramphenicol, which is why oral preparations can be more bioavailable. Approximately 44% to 60% of the drug is bound to protein in the serum.422 After a 1-g dose in adults, peak serum levels occur after 2 hours, with levels of 10 to 13 mg/L.423 The half-life is 1.6 to 3.3 hours, and therapeutic levels may persist 6 to 8 hours after administration.424\
\
Chloramphenicol succinate given intravenously has a wide variability of half-lives in infants. In adults, the serum half-life is approximately 1.2 hours, with an elimination half-life of approximately 4 hours.419 Intramuscular injection is not recommended owing to variable hydrolysis and/or delayed absorption, leading to unpredictable serum concentrations.425\
\
Drug Distribution\
Chloramphenicol is highly lipid soluble and has excellent penetration into many body tissues, penetrates well into pleural and ascitic fluids, and also crosses the placenta and can be found in breast milk. It does not usually achieve adequate concentrations in the bile.410 In bacterial peritonitis, drug levels in ascitic fluid can exceed half of the serum concentration.426 Chloramphenicol is also able to achieve high levels in synovial fluid.427 Even without inflamed meninges, chloramphenicol readily crosses the blood-brain barrier. CSF concentration may be 50% or more of the serum concentration, a higher proportion than with any other antibiotic.428 Also, unlike most antibiotics, chloramphenicol can penetrate well into many parts of the eye.429 It has also been shown to be concentrated in alveolar macrophages and polymorphonuclear leukocytes.430\
\
Drug Elimination\
Chloramphenicol is primarily metabolized by the liver, where it undergoes conjugation with glucuronic acid. The major metabolite is the inactive chloramphenicol glucuronide. This, along with other minor metabolites, is then eliminated through the urine (accounting for about 75%\'9690% of drug elimination). About 5% to 15% of the unchanged, active drug is eliminated through glomerular filtration. Less than 3% is eliminated through bile. Less than 1% is eliminated in feces.424\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Chloramphenicol has a broad spectrum of activity against many gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, anaerobes, rickettsiae, chlamydiae, and mycoplasmas. As stated previously, chloramphenicol is generally bacteriostatic but may be bactericidal against meningeal organisms, especially at higher concentrations. For most organisms, susceptibility is defined as having an MIC value of 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL or less. Exceptions are S. pneumoniae (\u8804 4 \u956 g/mL) and H. influenzae (\u8804 2 \u956 g/mL).431\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Chloramphenicol has in\'a0vitro activity against streptococci, staphylococci, and enterococci. Resistance varies in many different geographic regions. In surveillance studies from the late 1990s, S. pneumoniae had higher rates of resistance in the Western Pacific Region and South Africa (17.1%), compared with Europe (12.7%), the United States (10.6%), Canada (4.5%), and Latin America (4.3%).432,433 Chloramphenicol resistance rates are typically higher among penicillin-intermediate and penicillin-resistant strains.\
\
In a North American surveillance study, chloramphenicol had activity against 81.6% of all S. aureus isolates tested.434 Another North American study also reported high susceptibility rates to both MSSA (96%) and MRSA (81%) strains.435 Chloramphenicol has also been demonstrated to have activity against vancomycin-intermediate and vancomycin-resistant strains.436,437\
\
Against Enterococcus spp., chloramphenicol susceptibility rates in North America have been shown to be 87%.438 In another study of 886 VRE isolates, investigators reported that 28.6% of 56 E. faecalis isolates from North America were chloramphenicol resistant, compared with 7.1% of 14 isolates from Europe. This was in contrast to E. faecium isolates. In North America, 0.5% of 776 isolates were resistant, compared with 15% of 40 isolates from Europe, the latter a result of clonal occurrences.439\
\
Certain gram-positive bacilli are susceptible to chloramphenicol. Corynebacterium diphtheriae, L. monocytogenes, and B. anthracis are almost always susceptible, whereas Corynebacterium jeikeium and Nocardia spp. are usually resistant.410,440,441\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Chloramphenicol has variable activity against gram-negative organisms. It is highly active against community-acquired organisms, such as H. influenzae and M. catarrhalis.432\'a0N. meningitidis and N. gonorrhoeae are also both highly susceptible.442,443\
\
Activity against E. coli is variable worldwide. A surveillance study demonstrated a wide range of chloramphenicol-resistant isolates, from 8% in Cura\'e7ao to 82% in Ghana.444 Another study in the United Kingdom showed that rates of resistance declined from 20.2% in 1991 to 7.9% in 2004.445 Chloramphenicol is generally active against some other members of the Enterobacterales, such as P. mirabilis, Salmonella spp., Shigella spp., and Yersinia spp., whereas others, such as Klebsiella spp., Serratia spp., Morganella spp., and Enterobacter spp., are usually more resistant.446-449 Before the development of resistance, chloramphenicol was one of the mainstays for treating typhoid fever.\
\
P. aeruginosa is generally resistant to chloramphenicol by means of an active efflux pump.450\'a0Acinetobacter spp. are also generally resistant, whereas S. maltophilia is usually susceptible.451,452 Chloramphenicol has activity against B. pseudomallei, whereas B. cepacia is usually resistant owing to decreased drug permeability.453,454\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Most gram-positive and gram-negative anaerobic bacteria are susceptible to chloramphenicol. Anaerobic gram-positive cocci, such as Peptostreptococcus spp., are all susceptible at achievable concentrations. Anaerobic gram-positive bacilli, such as Clostridium, Lactobacillus, and Propionibacterium spp., are also readily susceptible.455 However, resistant strains of Clostridium perfringens and C. difficile have been isolated.456,457 Against gram-negative anaerobic bacteria, chloramphenicol is one of the most active antimicrobial agents. Bacteroides spp., Fusobacterium spp., and Prevotella spp. are all highly susceptible.455 A US study of 5225 B. fragilis group isolates demonstrated that every one was susceptible to chloramphenicol.458\
\
Other Organisms\
Chloramphenicol has activity against chlamydiae, mycoplasma, rickettsiae, T. pallidum, C. burnetii, and leptospirae.410,459-461 It is not active against mycobacteria and protozoa.\
\
Clinical Uses\
In the high-income countries of the world, chloramphenicol is generally reserved for serious infections with limited alternative antimicrobial choices because of its well-known toxicities. In the LMICs, it is still commonly used because it may be the only broad-spectrum agent available. It also has the advantage of an oral formulation and its low cost, and it is available without a prescription in many parts of the world.\
\
Bacterial Meningitis and Brain Abscess\
Chloramphenicol remains a useful drug for the treatment of bacterial meningitis in countries that do not have access to third-generation cephalosporins. The use of single-dose intramuscular injections of oily chloramphenicol has been suggested as a nationwide antibiotic of choice for meningitis epidemics.462 Conclusions from a meta-analysis determined that in circumstances in which ceftriaxone or cefotaxime is not available or affordable, an ampicillin-chloramphenicol combination may be used as an alternative because the two treatment groups did not have important clinical differences.463 In a Nigerian study of childhood bacterial meningitis, similar results were seen in children treated with chloramphenicol as compared with those given cephalosporins.464 Another study during a meningococcal meningitis epidemic in sub-Saharan Africa demonstrated that single-dose intramuscular ceftriaxone had clinical outcomes at 72 hours that were comparable to those of single-dose intramuscular oily chloramphenicol and was actually cheaper.465 Unfortunately, poor outcome was noted in areas with high rates of chloramphenicol-resistant H. influenzae type b. This Page 349was seen in children treated in Papua New Guinea, where resistance rates were 20%.466 Areas with penicillin-resistant pneumococcal meningitis also have poor outcomes. In one study in South Africa, 20 of 25 children with chloramphenicol-susceptible, penicillin-resistant strains had poor outcomes, including death.467 Newer Tetracycline Derivatives\
Tigecycline\
\
Glycylcyclines are a novel class of antibacterial drugs that have been developed to combat the emergence of antibiotic-resistant organisms, including those resistant to conventional tetracyclines. Tigecycline is the first member of the class to be approved by the FDA in 2005. Page 339It was originally approved for the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections (cSSSIs) and cIAIs based on noninferiority studies.256,257 In 2009, tigecycline was approved for the treatment of CABP based on comparable cure rates in patients treated with levofloxacin.258,259 Tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic and is active in\'a0vitro against a broad range of antibiotic-resistant aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The FDA issued a warning regarding an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections based on the pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable.261 In general, the deaths appear related to worsening or complications of the infection or underlying comorbidities. Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP) trial, particularly those with ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
TABLE 25.3\
\
Significant Food-Drug and Drug-Drug Interactions With Tetracyclines\
Interacting Agent	Effect	Comments\
Food	Tetracycline	\
Food may reduce absorption by 50%	Bioavailability is 60%\'9680% when taken on an empty stomach\
Doxycycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Minocycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Divalent or trivalent cations: aluminum, calcium, magnesium, iron, zinc	Significant reduction of all tetracycline absorption	Should not be administered concurrently with foods or drugs containing divalent or trivalent cations (i.e., antacids, sucralfate, didanosine, multivitamins)\
Kaolin and pectin	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	\
Bismuth subsalicylate	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	Separate administration of tetracycline from divalent or trivalent cations by 2hours\
Sodium bicarbonate	May decrease absorption of tetracycline	\
Cimetidine	Decreased tetracycline absorption	Effect not clinically significant\
Carbamazepine, phenytoin, barbiturates	Decreased half-life of doxycycline	Increases hepatic metabolism\
Chronic ethanol ingestion	Decreased half-life of doxycycline but not tetracycline	Possible mechanism: induction of hepatic microsomal enzymes\
Methoxyflurane or fluorinated anesthetic	Nephrotoxicity when administered with tetracycline agents	\
Diuretics	Increased blood urea nitrogen	Volume depletion may increase the nephrotoxic effects of tetracycline by unknown mechanisms\
Oral anticoagulants	Increased risk of bleeding	Tetracyclines may impair utilization of prothrombin and may decrease vitamin K production by intestinal bacteria; tigecycline decreases warfarin clearance, although a study found no effect in healthy volunteers\
Oral contraceptives	Reduced levels when administered with tetracyclines	\
Women should use an additional (mechanical) form of birth control\
Possible mechanism: reduction in bacterial hydrolysis of conjugated estrogen in the intestine\
Antiinfectives	May reduce antimicrobial activity of aminoglycosides and penicillins	\
Rare reports of in\'a0vitro antagonism\
Some clinicians recommend that the drugs not be used concomitantly\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Tigecycline is a semisynthetic derivative of minocycline. It has an N-alkyl-glycylamido moiety attached to the 9-position of minocycline.263 (See Fig. 25.1 for molecular structure.) The design is based on the premise that a peptide substituent would enhance ribosomal permeation and binding. The 9-glycyl substitution results in steric hindrance that enables tigecycline to overcome the two major types of tetracycline resistance: tetracycline-specific efflux pumps and ribosomal protection.264\
\
Tigecycline\'92s antibacterial mechanism of action is similar to that of older tetracyclines. It works by inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis by binding to bacterial 30S ribosomal subunits, ultimately blocking entry of aminoacyl transfer RNA molecules into the A site of the ribosome. This prevents amino acids from incorporating into elongating peptide chains, thus inhibiting protein synthesis.264,265 Like other tetracyclines, tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic because its interaction with the ribosome is reversible.8 Because glycylcyclines bind five times more strongly to the ribosome than tetracyclines, they are able to overcome the ribosomal protection mechanism of the tetracycline resistome.266,267\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Tigecycline is available only in intravenous formulation owing to its poor oral absorption. The recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by 50 mg every 12 hours. Infusions should be administered over approximately 30 to 60 minutes. According to the package insert, the recommended duration of treatment for cSSSIs or for cIAIs is 5 to 14 days. The recommended duration for treatment of CABP is 7 to 14 days. It has not been studied in children younger than 18.268\
\
In patients with renal impairment, no dose adjustment is necessary. In a pooled pharmacokinetic evaluation of tigecycline in healthy adult volunteers and in those with renal impairment, tigecycline had mostly linear pharmacokinetics across all dose ranges. Tigecycline is also not significantly removed by hemodialysis.269\
\
In patients with mild-to-moderate hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh A and B), no dose adjustment is necessary. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh C), the recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by a reduced maintenance dose of 25 mg every 12 hours. These patients should be treated with caution and monitored closely. In a study looking at various stages of liver dysfunction, patients with moderate liver disease had systemic clearance reduced by 25%, and the half-life was increased by 23%. In patients with severe liver disease, systemic clearance was decreased by 55% and the half-life was increased by 43%.270\
\
There do not appear to be any significant differences in tigecycline pharmacokinetic parameters on the basis of age, sex, or weight. Therefore, no dose adjustment appears necessary.271Page 340\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Tigecycline has limited oral bioavailability, hence it is available only in IV preparations. Food does not significantly alter pharmacokinetics and may reduce the nausea and vomiting seen as a side effect. The half-life of tigecycline ranges from 37 to 67 hours.272\
\
Drug Distribution\
In\'a0vitro plasma protein binding of tigecycline is 71% to 89%, and the volume of distribution is 7 to 10 L/kg, indicating extensive distribution into the tissues.272 In a 100-mg single-dose study of patients undergoing elective surgery or a medical procedure for tissue extraction, various tissue concentrations were measured. The respective mean and median concentration values of tigecycline in serum immediately after the end of a 100-mg infusion were 1.94 and 1.32 mg/L. Subsequent serum concentrations of tigecycline gradually declined to mean values of 0.22, 0.19, 0.11, and 0.07 mg/L at approximately 4, 8, 12, and 24 hours, respectively. Tissue penetration, expressed as the ratio of area under the curve (AUC)0\'9624h in tissue or body fluid to serum, was 537 for bile, 23 for gallbladder, 2.6 for colon, 2.0 for lung, 0.41 for bone, 0.31 for synovial fluid, and 0.11 for CSF.273 In a separate study of subjects without infections undergoing elective orthopedic procedures, multiple doses of tigecycline were shown to result in bone-to-serum ratios of approximately 4.77, showing penetration into bone.274 After standard dosing to 33 healthy volunteers, the tigecycline AUC0\'9612h in alveolar cells was 78-fold higher than the AUC0\'9612h in the serum. In epithelial lining fluid, the AUC0\'9612h was about 32% higher than in the serum.268,273 In the urine, after a 100-mg dose of tigecycline, urinary concentrations were about 0.3 \uc0\u956 g/mL.275 Clinical trials in urinary tract infections were abandoned on precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 Like the earlier-generation tetracyclines, tigecycline displays a time-dependent killing pattern and exhibits a considerable postantibiotic effect.277\
\
Drug Elimination\
The primary route of elimination for tigecycline is biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline and its metabolites. Using radiolabeled carbon-14 (14C)-tigecycline, studies have shown elimination primarily by the liver via biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline in the feces (59%). Glucuronidation and renal excretion of unchanged tigecycline are secondary routes. Thirty-two percent of tigecycline is eliminated in the urine.272,278\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Tigecycline has antibacterial activity against a wide variety of aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.4.Page 341\
\
TABLE 25.4\
\
Overview of the MIC50 and MIC90 Ranges, and the Wild-Type Cutoff Values for Various Species That Are Clinically Relevant for Tigecycline Use\
MIC50 (\uc0\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	Range (\u956 g/mL)	Eucast Wild-Type Cutoff\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'961	0.25\
S. aureus, methicillin-susceptible	0.12	0.12\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'961	0.25\
Staphylococcus epidermidis, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	0.5\
S. epidermidis, methicillin-susceptible	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'962	0.5\
Enterococcus faecalis, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
Enterococcus faecium, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
E. faecium, vancomycin-resistant	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.12		0.25\
Streptococcus pyogenes	0.06	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	0.125\
Streptococcus agalactiae	0.03\'960.06	0.12\'960.25	0.03\'961	0.25\
Streptococcus pneumoniae	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	\u8804 0.06\'961	0.125\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Enterobacterales	0.5	1	0.04\'9616	\'97\
Enterobacter spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.06\'968	\'97\
Enterobacter cloacae	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.5\'9616	2\
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.06\'9616	2\
Escherichia coli	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.03\'964	1\
Haemophilus influenzae	0.12\'960.5	0.25\'961	\uc0\u8804 0.008\'962	1\
Klebsiella spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.5\'968	2 (K. pneumoniae)\
Klebsiella pneumoniae ESBL+	1	2	0.12\'968	\'97\
Moraxella catarrhalis	0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.5	0.125\
Morganella morganii	2	4	1\'968	8\
Proteus spp.	4	4\'968	1\'9616	4/8\
Serratia spp.	1\'962	1\'964	0.5\'9616	4\
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	0.38\'961	1.5\'964	0.25\'968	4\
Pseudomonas aeruginosa	8\'9616	16 to \uc0\u8805 32	0.12\'9664	64\
Acinetobacter spp.	0.5\'963	1\'966	0.03\'968	\'97\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Bacteroides fragilis group	0.5\'961	0.5\'968	0.06\'9632	\'97\
Clostridioides difficile (formerly Clostridium difficile)	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	\'97\
Clostridium perfringens	0.12	1	0.06\'962	\'97\
Fusobacterium spp.	0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.25	\'97\
Peptostreptococcus spp.	0.06	0.06\'960.125	0.06\'960.12	\
ESBL, Extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; EUCAST, European Committee on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
From Nabuurs-Franssen M, Mouton JW. Tigecycline. In: Grayson ML, ed. Kucers\'92 The Use of Antibiotics. 6th ed. CRC Press; 2010:881\'96892.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against many Staphylococcus, Enterococcus, and Streptococcus species, including organisms resistant to many other classes of antibiotics. Among S. aureus, tigecycline has shown potent activity among both MSSA and MRSA strains.279-281 Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against community-associated MRSA strains as seen in a study of 1989 isolates with a susceptibility rate of 98.2%.282 In a European survey of common skin and skin structure pathogens, all MRSA isolates were susceptible to tigecycline.283\'a0Staphylococcus epidermidis has also been shown to be susceptible to tigecycline, including strains that are erythromycin resistant.284\
\
Tigecycline is also highly active against Enterococcus spp., including strains resistant to vancomycin. In a study of 97 vancomycin-resistant isolates, tigecycline was equally active against all VanA, VanB, and VanC phenotypes of glycopeptide resistance of enterococci.285 In the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) program, which took place from 2004 to 2009 and looked at various antimicrobials against Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium, all 2068 isolates of E. faecalis were susceptible to tigecycline in various European countries. Only 2 out of 893 (0.2%) of E. faecium isolates were resistant to tigecycline.286 In a Korean study, 4 out of 2005 (0.2%) of vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) isolates were resistant to tigecycline.287\
\
Streptococci have also been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline, including bloodstream isolates of viridans-group streptococcal species.288 Tigecycline has also shown excellent activity against \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci.289 Tigecycline was two- to fourfold more active than comparator agents against all 435 isolates of S. pneumoniae studied in the global TEST program, including those that were penicillin resistant and penicillin intermediate. Against the penicillin-susceptible S. pneumoniae isolates, tigecycline was less active than \u946 -lactam agents.290 In another study, tigecycline was noted to be bactericidal against 11 of 12 strains of S. pneumoniae.291\
\
Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against L. monocytogenes and coryneform bacteria.292\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Tigecycline has good activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of most strains of Proteus spp., Providencia spp., and Morganella spp.289,293,294 Enterobacterales that have developed resistance to tetracycline are susceptible to tigecycline because it remains stable and largely unaffected by the commonly occurring efflux and ribosomal protection resistance mechanisms. In a large global study, tetracycline-resistant populations demonstrated only modest decreases in potency to tigecycline, which appeared to be species dependent (up to twofold only for E. coli, Salmonella spp., Shigella spp., and Pantoea agglomerans and up to fourfold for Klebsiella spp., Enterobacter spp., and Citrobacter spp.).295 Other resistance mechanisms, such as extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase (ESBL) production, AmpC derepression, carbapenemase production, and resistance phenotypes, such as fluoroquinolone resistance, fluoroquinolone/ampicillin resistance, fluoroquinolone/TMP-SMX resistance, and multidrug resistance, do not have an influence on the MIC value of tigecycline.295-299\
\
Tigecycline has good activity against most lactose-nonfermenting gram-negative bacilli with the notable exception of P. aeruginosa. It remains one of the most active agents against Acinetobacter spp.290,293,300 Although most studies have noted a high level of Acinetobacter spp. susceptibility to tigecycline, one study in Israel noted that of 82 isolates, 66% were resistant, 12% were intermediate, and just 22% were susceptible to tigecycline.301 In the United States, most antimicrobial agents have shown reduced susceptibility to A. baumannii over recent years, including tigecycline.300\'a0S. maltophilia has been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline in\'a0vitro. In a large global survey of 1586 isolates, 95.5% were susceptible to tigecycline, which was second only to TMP-SMX (96%).302\
\
In another global study, 1220 strains of H. influenzae, 495 strains of Moraxella catarrhalis, and 17 strains of N. meningitidis were all susceptible to tigecycline.303\'a0Brucella melitensis is highly susceptible to tigecycline both in\'a0vitro and in blood and bone marrow cultures of adult patients with acute brucellosis.304-306 Tigecycline has reduced activity against B. cepacia.267\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against most gram-positive and gram-negative anaerobes. In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline were tested against 831 isolates of the B. fragilis group representing all of the species within the group. Tigecycline was more active than clindamycin, minocycline, and cefoxitin and less active than imipenem or piperacillin-tazobactam against all isolates of the B. fragilis group.307 In the European TEST program looking at Bacteroides, Prevotella, Anaerococcus, Clostridium, Finegoldia, and Peptostreptococcus spp., the lowest MIC values were noted for meropenem and tigecycline. Of note, tigecycline showed the lowest MIC90 against C. difficile (0.25 mg/L).308\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Tigecycline is highly active against C. pneumoniae, C. trachomatis, M. pneumoniae, and M. hominis.85,309 It is less active against U. urealyticum than tetracycline, with an MIC90 of 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL.309 In a guinea pig model, tigecycline was shown to be as effective as erythromycin against L. pneumophila, but the drug was inactivated by test medium that confounded susceptibility data. Tigecycline prevented death in the study, but treated guinea pigs were noted to have residual bacterial concentrations in the lungs, suggesting that tigecycline may not be the drug of choice for severe legionnaires\'92 disease, and prolonged therapy would be required.310\
\
Mycobacteria and Nocardia\
The rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM) appear to be highly susceptible to tigecycline. In two separate studies, every RGM isolate, mostly consisting of M. fortuitum, M. abscessus, and M. chelonae, was susceptible to tigecycline.97,311 All slowly growing nontuberculous mycobacteria, including M. avium complex, Mycobacterium lentiflavum, M. marinum, and M. kansasii, are resistant to tigecycline.97 The in\'a0vitro activity against M. tuberculosis appears poor.312 Tigecycline has modest activity against Nocardia spp., with an MIC90 of 4 \uc0\u956 g/mL. By comparison, minocycline has an MIC90 of 2 \u956 g/mL.103\
\
Clinical Uses\
Tigecycline is currently FDA approved for three indications: treatment of cSSSIs, cIAIs, and CABP. It is also used off-label for many other disease processes.\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Several clinical studies have compared tigecycline versus a combination of vancomycin and aztreonam for up to 14 days for the treatment of skin and skin structure infections. Similar results have been seen across studies that have shown tigecycline to be noninferior. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, tests of cure were between 73.3% and 84.3% for tigecycline and between 66.6% and 86.9% for the vancomycin-aztreonam group. Tests of cure for the clinically evaluable populations were 78.6% to 89.8% and 75.8% to 95%, respectively. Increased nausea and vomiting was consistently seen in the tigecycline group, whereas rash and elevated transaminases were consistently seen in the vancomycin-aztreonam group.256,313-316 In the largest study, no differences were noted in clinical cure rates in patients who were bacteremic (86% vs. 87.5%). Tigecycline had equal efficacy in patients with monomicrobial and polymicrobial infections.256\
\
In a phase III, randomized, double-blind trial conducted in subjects with diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, a 150-mg once-daily regimen of tigecycline did not meet criteria for noninferiority compared with ertapenem with or without vancomycin.317\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Tigecycline is an attractive option to treat cIAIs because its broad spectrum of activity is favorable against a potentially polymicrobial infection. In two large studies of cIAIs, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for 5 to 14 days of treatment. Complicated appendicitis was the most common infection, followed by complicated cholecystitis. The most common organisms were E. coli, Streptococcus anginosus group, and B. fragilis. Acute Physiology and Chronic Page 342Health Evaluation (APACHE) II scores were similar, and less than 4% of patients had scores over 15. Clinical cure rates were 86.1% for tigecycline and 86.2% for imipenem-cilastatin, meeting noninferiority criteria. There was no difference in cure rates between the two therapies for monomicrobial versus polymicrobial infections. Clinical cure rates for bacteremia were also similar (82% vs. 80%, respectively). Nausea and vomiting were more frequent in the tigecycline group.257,318\
\
Two other studies have compared tigecycline with a combination of ceftriaxone plus metronidazole for cIAIs. Clinical cure rates were between 70.4% and 81.8% in the tigecycline group and 74.3% and 79.4% in the ceftriaxone-metronidazole group, again displaying noninferiority.319,320\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Tigecycline has been approved for the treatment of CABP. It has been compared with levofloxacin in multiple studies with treatment durations between 7 and 14 days and Fine Pneumonia Severity Index scores typically from II to IV. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, test-of-cure results were between 78.7% and 84.4% for tigecycline and between 77.8% and 82.1% for the levofloxacin group. Test-of-cure results for the clinically evaluable populations were 88.9% and 90.6% and 85.3% and 87.2%, respectively. All trials met noninferiority criteria for tigecycline. As with other clinical trials, more patients tended to have nausea and vomiting in the tigecycline groups.258,259,321,322\
\
Tigecycline has also been looked at for treating VAP and HAP. In a retrospective review of 117 patients with VAP treated with tigecycline, 74 (63%) were determined by the physician to have clinical success. About half of the patients had a microbiologic diagnosis, and of those the most common organisms were Acinetobacter spp. (69%) and MRSA (22%). Eighty-four percent of the cases with Acinetobacter spp. were carbapenem resistant. Global mortality proportion was 33%.323 In a phase III randomized controlled trial involving 945 patients, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for the treatment of HAP. Cure rates were 67.9% for tigecycline and 78.2% for imipenem-cilastatin in the clinically evaluable group and 62.7% and 67.6% in the clinical modified intention-to-treat group, respectively. A statistical interaction occurred between VAP and non-VAP subgroups, with significantly lower cure rates in tigecycline-treated VAP patients compared with imipenem; in non-VAP patients, tigecycline was noninferior to imipenem. Overall mortality did not differ between the tigecycline (14.1%) and imipenem-cilastatin regimens (12.2%), although more deaths occurred in VAP patients treated with tigecycline than imipenem-cilastin.324 In a subsequent phase II study, the safety and efficacy of two higher doses of tigecycline (150 mg followed by 75 mg every 12 hours or 200 mg followed by 100 mg every 12 hours) were compared with imipenem-cilastatin in participants with HAP. In the clinically evaluable population, the rate of clinical cure with tigecycline 100 mg (17/20, 85.0%) was numerically higher than with tigecycline 75 mg (16/23, 69.6%) and imipenem-cilastatin (18/24, 75.0%). No new safety signals with the high-dose tigecycline were identified.325\
\
Other Uses\
Tigecycline is also used for many off-label indications. In an early-use registry of 113 patients, 22% received tigecycline for approved indications and 78% for off-label indications (56% with scientific support and 22% with limited or no scientific support).326\
\
Although there are no randomized prospective trials looking at the use of tigecycline for bacteremia, secondary bacteremia in prior clinical trials has been analyzed. Pooled data from subjects enrolled for treatment of cSSSI, cIAI, or CAP presenting with bacteremia from seven double-blind and one open-label trial of tigecycline compared with vancomycin-aztreonam, imipenem-cilastatin, levofloxacin, vancomycin, or linezolid were analyzed. A total of 170 subjects were identified, and clinical cure rates were 81.3% and 78.5% for tigecycline and the comparator. Nine patients treated with tigecycline were noted to have persistent bacteremia, as compared with one in the comparator group.327 Tigecycline, in a solution with N-acetylcysteine and heparin, was evaluated as a catheter-lock solution for catheter salvage in patients with hemodialysis catheter-associated bacteremia. Eighteen case patients received the catheter-lock solution for 14 days plus systemic antibiotic therapy. Treatment was successful for 15 (83%) of the 18 case patients within 90 days of follow-up.328\
\
In critically ill patients who have developed bacterial infections with multidrug resistance, tigecycline remains an attractive option owing to its ability to maintain in\'a0vitro activity. A phase III, open-label, noncomparator study evaluated tigecycline in patients with selected serious infections caused by resistant gram-negative bacteria, patients with treatment failures who had received prior antimicrobial therapy, or patients unable to tolerate other appropriate antimicrobials. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, CAP, HAP, VAP, and bacteremia (including catheter-associated bacteremia). Clinical cure rate was 72.2%, and the microbiologic eradication rate was 66.7%.329 Another phase III study compared the safety and efficacy of tigecycline with vancomycin or linezolid in hospitalized patients with MRSA or VRE infections. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, pneumonia, and bacteremia. For MRSA infection, clinical cure rates in the microbiologically evaluable population (n = 117) were 81.4% (70/86 patients) with tigecycline and 83.9% (26/31 patients) with vancomycin. Most infections were cSSSIs. There were only 15 patients enrolled with VRE, and the authors were not able to draw any conclusions.330 In a report of 110 cancer patients who developed serious infections, 64% were noted to have a clinical response when treated with tigecycline (92% were treated in combination with an antipseudomonal agent). Interesting to note, more patients with bacteremia than pneumonia had clinical response (79% vs. 51%). Mortality rates of those with pneumonia were 44%, compared with 16% with bacteremia.331 The combination of piperacillin-tazobactam and tigecycline was found to be more effective than piperacillin-tazobactam alone in febrile, neutropenic hematologic patients with cancer in an epidemiologic setting characterized by a high rate of MDR microorganisms.332 In a prospective, observational study of adults with extensively drug-resistant A. baumannii bacteremia, increased 14-day mortality was observed with the combination of colistin-tigecycline compared with a colistin-carbapenem regimen. The excess mortality may have been restricted to the subgroup with higher tigecycline MICs (>2 \uc0\u956 g/mL).333 In a systematic review and meta-analysis, tigecycline, particularly when given in high-doses and in combination with other agents, was found to have similar efficacy to other antibiotics for treating carbapenem-resistant gram-negative bacterial infections.334\
\
Clinical trials that have looked at use of tigecycline for urinary tract infections were abandoned at precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 In a retrospective cohort study of carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae bacteriuria, tigecycline, polymyxin B, and an aminoglycoside were compared. The microbiologic clearance rate was 88% in the aminoglycoside cohort (n = 41), 64% in the polymyxin B cohort (n = 25), 43% in the tigecycline cohort (n = 21), and 36% in an untreated cohort.335 Success with tigecycline for treating MDR K. pneumoniae and A. baumannii urinary tract infection or urosepsis has been reported with use of higher than approved doses of tigecycline, with initial doses between 200 and 400 mg and subsequent maintenance doses of 100 to 200 mg every 24 hours.275\
\
Interest in using tigecycline for CDIs has arisen owing to its in\'a0vitro activity and high stool concentrations. Currently, no randomized controlled trials have evaluated tigecycline for the treatment of CDI. There have been multiple case reports of use of tigecycline (alone or in combination with other CDI therapies) for the treatment of CDI, with most having a successful outcome.336-338 In a retrospective case-control study of severe CDI, 18 patients who received tigecycline (along with other CDI therapies) were compared with 26 similarly ill patients who did not receive tigecycline. There was no difference with regard to CDI survival, rates of colectomy, or relapse rates.339 In a propensity-matched cohort study of 28 cases of CDI treated with tigecycline compared with 140 cases without tigecycline, 30-day mortality was not statistically different.340\
\
Limited data exist regarding use of tigecycline for bone and joint infections. In the previously mentioned phase III study in diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, clinical cure rates in the substudy were low (<36%) for a subset of tigecycline-treated patients with osteomyelitis.317 Other small cases series have reported varying degrees of success using tigecycline for osteomyelitis.341,342Page 343\
\
Treatment of infections with RGM can be difficult. The safety and efficacy of a tigecycline-containing regimen for salvage treatment of 52 patients with M. abscessus and M. chelonae was performed. Included patients had both lung and extrapulmonary infections. Tigecycline given for at least 1 month as part of a multidrug regimen resulted in improvement in over 60% of patients, including those with underlying cystic fibrosis, despite failure of prior antibiotic therapy. AEs were reported in over 90% of cases, the most common being nausea and vomiting.343\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Tigecycline remains active against bacteria that contain efflux-mediated resistance to tetracyclines. This is likely a result of the efflux pump\'92s ineffectiveness in transporting tigecycline out of the cell, or from the inability of tigecycline to induce efflux proteins.344,345 There is also currently no evidence of gene mutations coding for RPPs for the tet family (tet(M), tet(O), tet(S)) for reduced susceptibility to tigecycline.\
\
The most common intrinsic tigecycline resistance observed in Proteus mirabilis and Morganella morganii is drug recognition and upregulation by the AcrAB efflux pump.346,347 Overexpression of this pump is also associated with the development of resistance to other gram-negative bacteria. P. aeruginosa is intrinsically resistant to tigecycline as a result of the MexXY-OprM multidrug efflux pump.348 A novel plasmid-mediated multidrug-resistant RND family efflux pump, TMexCD1-TOprJ1, has been identified in carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae and other gram-negative bacilli including Pseudomonas spp. in China.349\
\
The overexpression of MepA, a novel MATE family efflux pump, may contribute to decreased activity of tigecycline against S. aureus.350\
\
Adverse Reactions\
Gastrointestinal Side Effects\
\
As with older tetracyclines, the most commonly reported adverse reactions to tigecycline are gastrointestinal in nature. As seen in multiple phase III clinical trials, nausea (26%) and vomiting (18%) were the most reported side effects.256,257,268,313,351 The majority of these symptoms (95%) were mild to moderate and occurred after 1 to 2 days of therapy. The side effects are dose related; 100 mg was the highest dose tolerated in fasting healthy participants, and 200 mg was the highest dose tolerated with food.272 However, the risk of side effects was found to be similar in a review of 134 patients given standard or high-dose regimens for VAP.352 Less reported side effects are anorexia, dry mouth, dysgeusia, and loose stool.296\
\
Hepatotoxicity and Pancreatitis\
Transient elevations in transaminases and alkaline phosphatase levels have been seen.353 In phase III clinical trials, the incidence of increased liver function test results was significantly lower with tigecycline than with comparator drugs.256,258 However, in a recent retrospective review of 397 patients treated with at least 7 days of tigecycline, the prevalence of drug-induced liver injury (DILI) was 10.3%.354 Independent risk factors for DILI were abnormal baseline alanine aminotransferase levels, intensive care unit admission, and treatment length. Case reports of mild tigecycline-induced acute pancreatitis have also been reported.355\
\
Other Side Effects\
Other side effects reported from clinical trials that have an incidence between 2% and 7% include (in descending order) infection, headache, anemia, hypoproteinemia, asthenia, phlebitis, elevated blood urea nitrogen (BUN), abnormal healing, dizziness, skin rash, pneumonia, and abscess formation.268\
\
Increased Mortality\
In 2010 the FDA issued a warning of an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections on the basis of pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In those studies, death occurred in 4% (150/3788) of patients receiving tigecycline and 3% (110/3646) of patients receiving comparator drugs. Based on a random effects model by trial weight, an adjusted risk difference of all-cause mortality was 0.6% (95% confidence interval, 0.1\'961.2) between tigecycline- and comparator-treated patients. Deaths were generally the result of worsening infection, complications of infections, or underlying comorbidities. Among indications, the mortality difference was not statistically significant. However, mortality in tigecycline-treated patients was numerically greater in every infection and considerably greater in VAP (19.1% vs. 12.3%). Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the HAP trial, particularly those with VAP with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable. After the 2010 warning was issued, data were analyzed from 10 clinical trials conducted only for FDA-approved uses (cSSSI, cIAI, CABP), including trials conducted after the drug was approved. This analysis showed a higher risk of death among patients receiving tigecycline compared with other antibacterial drugs: 2.5% (66/2640) versus 1.8% (48/2628), respectively. The adjusted risk difference for death was 0.6% with corresponding 95% confidence interval (0.0\'961.2).261\
\
Several meta-analyses prompted the FDA to look into the efficacy and safety of tigecycline. Depending on what clinical trials (published and unpublished) were included, results varied.356-358\
\
Drug Interactions\
In\'a0vitro studies in human liver microsomes have indicated that tigecycline is not a substrate, inhibitor, or inducer of common cytochrome P450 enzymes; therefore such pharmacokinetic drug interactions are unlikely.359 However, concomitant administration of tigecycline and warfarin in healthy participants resulted in a decrease in clearance of R-warfarin and S-warfarin by 40% and 23%, an increase in Cmax by 38% and 43%, and an increase in AUC by 68% and 29%, respectively.268 No significant effects of tigecycline on digoxin pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics were noted in a study of 20 healthy men.360\
\
Eravacycline and Omadacycline\
Two new tetracycline derivatives were approved by the FDA in late 2018. Eravacycline is a fluorocycline antibiotic and is FDA approved for cIAIs in adults.361 Omadacycline is an aminomethylcycline and is FDA approved for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP.362 Both drugs carry the same package insert label, which is to recommend that these two drugs should be used only to treat or prevent infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. This precaution is to reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of eravacycline and omadacycline and other antibacterial drugs.363 Eravacycline also has a label precaution that it is not indicated for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTIs). Omadacycline has an additional label precaution about the mortality imbalance in patients with CABP. In the CABP trial, a mortality rate of 2.1% was observed in omadacycline-treated patients compared with 0.8% in moxifloxacin-treated patients (P = .14).362 The cause of the mortality imbalance has not been established. Providers should closely monitor clinical response to therapy in CABP patients, particularly in those at higher risk for mortality.\
\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Eravacycline is a synthetic fluorocycline that is similar in structure to tigecycline but with two important tetracycline core modifications (see Fig 25.1). The dimethylamine moiety at C-7 is replaced by a fluorine atom and the 2-tertiary-butyl glycylamido moiety at C-9 is replaced by a pyrrolidinoacetamido group.364 Omadacycline is a semisynthetic aminomethylcycline that is also similar in structure to tigecycline but with an alkylaminomethyl group replacing the glycylamido group at the C-9 position (see Fig 25.1).365 Similar to other tetracyclines, eravacycline and omadacycline inhibit bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit.\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Eravacycline recommended dosing is 1 mg/kg by IV infusion over 60 minutes every 12 hours. No dose adjustment is required in patients Page 344with renal impairment. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child Pugh C), the dose should be reduced starting on day 2 to 1 mg/kg every 24 hours. With concomitant use of a strong CYP3A inducer, the dose should be increased to 1.5 mg/kg every 12 hours.361 Eravacycline dosed by actual body weight in obese patients (body mass index \uc0\u8805  30 kg/m2) has been shown to have therapeutic utility with an acceptable safety profile.366\
\
Omadacycline recommended dosing for ABSSSI and CABP is 200 mg by IV infusion over 60 minutes on day 1 (given once or divided into two 100-mg doses), followed by 100 mg IV daily or 300 mg orally daily. For ABSSSI treatment, loading doses can be done with 450 mg orally once daily on days 1 and 2, followed by 300 mg orally daily. No dose adjustment is recommended in patients with renal or hepatic impairment.362\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Based on a study of healthy males, the oral bioavailability of eravacycline is estimated to be 28% (range, 26%\'9632%) with a median time to maximum plasma concentration (tmax) value of 2 to 2.5 hours and maximum plasma concentration (Cmax) of 0.23 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 200-mg dose.367 The half-life after a single dose and multiple doses is 22 and 34 hours, respectively.364 However, development of an oral dose formulation for oral eravacycline has been discontinued.\
\
Omadacycline has an estimated bioavailability of 34.5% with a Cmax of 0.31 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 300-mg dose.368 The half-life is approximately 17.6 \'b1 1.45 hours.369\
\
Drug Distribution\
Eravacycline has a volume of distribution at steady state (Vss) of 3.3 to 4.2 L/kg and is 79% to 90% protein-bound.364 In a phase 1 study of healthy volunteers, the mean Cmax of eravacycline dosed 1 mg/kg every 12 hours for 7 doses was 1.29 \'b1 0.4 mg/L.370 The total AUC0-12h in plasma was 4.56 \'b1 0.94 mg\'b7h/L with an estimated free AUC0-12h value of 0.77 \'b1 0.14 mg\'b7h/L. The AUC0-12h in epithelial lining fluid (ELF) and alveolar macrophages was 4.93 mg\'b7h/L and 39.53 mg\'b7h/L, respectively, with an estimated penetration ratio to free plasma of 6.44 and 51.63.\
\
The Vss of omadacycline in healthy human subjects is 190 to 204 L.371,372 After the administration of 100 mg IV omadacycline, the Cmax is 1.92 to 2.12 mg/L.371,372 The protein binding in human plasma is 21.3%, which is lower than other tetracyclines.373 Omadacycline has good intrapulmonary penetration. The AUC24h values in ELF and alveolar cells in healthy human subjects were 17.2 mg\'b7h/L and 302.5 mg\'b7h/L, giving the AUC24h ratios relative to the free AUC24h in plasma of 1.47 and 25.8, respectively.371 These intrapulmonary concentrations were higher than healthy subjects treated with tigecycline.\
\
Drug Elimination\
After a single 60-mg IV dose of radiolabeled eravacycline, 47.8% of the dose was recovered in feces while renal excretion accounted for about 34% of the dose.374\
\
Elimination of omadacycline after a single 300-mg dose was found to be primarily fecal (81.1%) and less urinary excretion (14.4%).369\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Both eravacycline and omadacycline have very broad in\'a0vitro activity against gram-positive, gram-negative, and anaerobic organisms, including multidrug-resistant organisms. Eravacycline is two- to fourfold more active than tigecycline against most aerobic gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, whereas omadacycline generally has comparable MIC values to tigecycline but lower MIC values than tetracycline.364,365 For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.5.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Eravacycline retains potent activity against staphylococci, enterococci, and streptococci regardless of concurrent resistance phenotypes.375-377 For S. aureus, eravacycline activity is independent of methicillin resistance, macrolide resistance, fluoroquinolone resistance, daptomycin nonsusceptibility, linezolid resistance, or the expression of Panton-Valentine leucocidin.375 Similarly, eravacycline remains highly active against both E. faecalis and E. faecium independent of vancomycin resistance, linezolid resistance, and daptomycin nonsusceptibility. Eravacycline is also highly active against all streptococci, including S. pneumoniae expressing penicillin and/or macrolide resistance, as well as tetracycline resistance.375\
\
Omadacycline also demonstrates broad in\'a0vitro activity against clinically relevant gram-positive bacteria, including S. aureus, E. faecalis, E. faecium, S. pneumoniae, and \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci, carrying ribosomal protection [tet(M), tet(O), and tet(S)] and efflux [tet(K) and tet(L)] resistance genes.378 Activity is retained against key resistant phenotypes, including MRSA, tetracycline-resistant S. aureus, methicillin-resistant CoNS, vancomycin-resistant E. faecium, penicillin-resistant S. pneumoniae, and macrolide-resistant S. pneumoniae.378,379\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Eravacycline has broad gram-negative activity that is minimally affected by gram-negative tetracycline-specific resistance mechanisms.380 In a study of >2000 pathogens isolated from 13 Canadian hospitals, eravacycline displayed potency greater than or equal to tigecycline for each of the 9 Enterobacterales species tested (E. coli, K. pneumoniae, K. oxytoca, Enterobacter cloacae, Serratia marcescens, M. morganii, and Citrobacter freundii).376 MIC values were one doubling-dilution lower for ESBL-nonproducing isolates compared with ESBL-producing isolates of E. coli. In another study of 445 isolates of E. coli, eravacycline demonstrated an MIC90 of \uc0\u8804 0.5 \u956 g/mL, of which 127 (29%) isolates were intermediately resistant or resistant to third-generation cephalosporins, including isolates producing one or more ESBLs or cabapenemases.375 The drug exhibited similar potency against fluoroquinolone-resistant, aminoglycoside-resistant, tetracycline-resistant, and multidrug-resistant isolates. Eravacycline exhibits activity against some non\'96lactose-fermenting gram-negative bacteria such as S. maltophilia and A. baumannii, but does not have appreciable activity against P. aeruginosa or Burkholderia cenocepacia.375,376\
\
Omadacycline has activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of P. mirabilis and indole-positive Proteus spp.379 It is somewhat less potent against ESBL-producing E. coli and K. pneumoniae compared with ESBL-nonproducing strains. Omadacycline has excellent activity against H. influenzae (regardless of \uc0\u946 -lactamase production) and M. catarrhalis. Similar to eravacycline, though less potent, omadacycline has activity against A. baumannii and S. maltophilia, but not P. aeruginosa.379\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
In a study of 292 anaerobic pathogens, eravacycline displayed excellent in\'a0vitro activity.375 Eravacycline is more potent against B. fragilis than non-fragilis Bacteroides, and displays activity against other gram-negative anaerobes like Porphyromonas asaccharolytica and Prevotella spp. Eravacycline also has low MIC90 values against gram-positive anaerobes such as C. difficile, Peptostreptococcus spp., Actinomyces spp., Anaerococcus spp., Bifidobacterium spp., Eggerthella spp., Finegoldia magna, Lactobacillus spp., Peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus, and Cutibacterium (Propionibacterium) acnes.375\
\
Omadacycline also has in\'a0vitro activity against many clinically relevant anaerobic bacteria. In a study of 186 isolates, omadacycline activity was found to be similar to that of tigecycline, with MIC90 values of 1 to 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL against Bacteroides spp.; 0.5 \u956 g/mL against C. difficile, Prevotella spp., and P. asaccharolytica; 1 \u956 g/mL against Peptostreptococcus spp.; and 16 \u956 g/mL against Clostridium perfringens.381\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Eravacycline was found to have MIC50/90 values of 1/2 \uc0\u956 g/mL against Legionella pneumophilia with a range of 0.016 to 2 \u956 g/mL.375 In a study of 134 isolates of M. genitalium, M. hominis, M. pneumoniae, Ureaplasma parvum, and U. urealyticum, eravacycline MICs were \u8804  0.25 \u956 g/mL for most isolates.382 Eravacycline was more potent than all comparator agents (tetracycline, azithromycin, moxifloxacin, and clindamycin).\
\
Omadacycline is also active against atypical bacteria. In a study of 100 isolates of L. pneumophila, omadacycline demonstrated relative intracellular penetrance comparable to other antibiotics used for CABP treatment.383 Omadacycline is active against M. pneumoniae, M. Page 345hominis, and Ureaplasma spp. regardless of macrolide, tetracycline, or fluoroquinolone resistance.384 Omadacycline also has activity against C. pneumoniae comparable to doxycycline, azithromycin, moxifloxacin, and levofloxacin.385\
\
TABLE 25.5\
\
Overview of the MIC50 and MIC90 Ranges for Various Species That Are Clinically Relevant for Eravacycline and Omadacycline Use\
Eravacycline	Omadacycline\
MIC50 (\uc0\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	RANGE (\u956 g/mL)	MIC50 (\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	RANGE (\u956 g/mL)\
Gram-Positive Aerobic Bacteria\
Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-susceptible	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5	0.12	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'962\
S. aureus, methicillin-resistant	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'964	0.12	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'968\
Staphylococcus epidermidis	0.06	0.25	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5	0.06	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'960.5\
Coagulase-negative Staphylococci (all)				0.12	1	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'962\
Enterococcus faecalis	0.06	0.06	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.12	0.12	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'964\
Enterococcus faecium, vancomycin-susceptible	0.06	0.06	0.03\'960.5	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'961\
E. faecium, vancomycin-resistant	0.06	0.06	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.25	0.12	0.5	\u8804 0.015\'968\
Streptococcus pyogenes	0.03	0.03	\uc0\u8804 0.004\'960.12	0.06	0.12	\u8804 0.015\'960.5\
Streptococcus agalactiae	0.03	0.03	0.008\'960.06	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5\
Streptococcus pneumoniae (all)	0.015	0.015	\uc0\u8804 0.004\'960.03	0.06	.012	\u8804 0.015\'961\
Streptococcus pneumoniae, penicillin-resistant	0.008	0.015	\uc0\u8804 0.008\'960.03	0.06	0.12	\u8804 0.015\'961\
Gram-Negative Aerobic Bacteria\
Acinetobacter baumannii	0.5	1	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'968	2	8	0.06 to >32\
Citrobacter spp.				1	4	0.25 to >32\
Citrobacter freundii	0.25	0.5	0.06\'962	1	4	0.5\'9616\
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes	0.25	1	0.12\'962			\
Enterobacter cloacae	0.5	1	0.06\'968	2	4	0.25 to >32\
Enterobacter spp. (noncloacae)				2	4	0.06 to >32\
Escherichia coli (all)	0.25	0.5	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'964	0.5	2	0.12\'9632\
Escherichia coli ESBL+	0.25	0.5	0.03\'962	1	4	0.12 to >32\
Haemophilus influenza	0.12	0.25	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5	1	1	0.12\'9616\
Klebsiella oxytoca	0.25	1	0.03\'962	1	4	0.25\'9632\
Klebsiella pneumoniae (all)	0.5	1	0.03\'9616	2	8	0.12 to >32\
Klebsiella pneumoniae ESBL+	0.5	1	0.13\'968	2	8	0.25 to >32\
Klebsiella pneumoniae CARB\'96I/R	0.5	2	0.13\'9616			\
Moraxella catarrhalis	0.03	0.06	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.6	0.12	0.25	0.06\'961\
Morganella morganii	1	2	0.5\'964			\
Neisseria gonorrhoeae	0.13	0.25	0.06\'960.5	2	4	0.25\'964\
Proteus mirabilis (all)	1	2	0.25\'9616	16	>32	1 to >32\
Proteus mirabilis\
CARB-I/R\
1	4	0.25\'9616			\
Pseudomonas aeruginosa	8	16	0.06\'9664	32	128	1\'96128\
Salmonella spp.	0.25	0.25	0.12\'960.5	2	4	0.12\'9616\
Serratia marcescens	1	2	0.25\'968	4	8	0.5 to >32\
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	0.5	1	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'968	2	8	0.25 to >32\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Bacteroides fragilis	0.25	2	0.06\'962	0.5	4	0.25\'9616\
Bacteroides ovatus	0.5	4	0.015\'968	0.5	8	0.06 to >16\
Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron	0.5	1	0.12\'964	1	4	0.12\'9616\
Clostridioides difficile	0.06	0.12	0.03\'960.25	0.25	0.5	0.12\'968\
Clostridium perfringens	0.5	1	0.06\'964	4	16	0.12\'9616\
Fusobacterium spp.	0.12	0.25	0.03\'960.25	0.25	0.25	0.25\'961\
Peptostreptococcus spp.	0.06	0.25	0.015\'960.5	0.12	1	0.06\'962\
CARB-I/R, Carbapenem intermediate or resistant isolates; ESBL, extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
Modified from Zhanel GG, et\'a0al. Review of eravacycline, a novel fluorocycline antibacterial agent. Drugs. 2016;76(5):567\'96588; and Zhanel GG, et\'a0al. Omadacycline: a novel oral and intravenous aminomethylcycline antibiotic agent. Drugs. 2020;80(3):285\'96313.\
\
Mycobacteria\
In a study of 60 isolates of rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM), of which 
\f1 \uc0\u8764 
\f0 70% were tetracycline resistant, eravacycline was active against all species tested with MIC50 ranges of \uc0\u8804 0.015 to 0.5 and \u8804 0.015 to 0.12 \u956 g/mL for 100% and 80% inhibition, respectively.386 RGM isolates included in this study were M. abscessus subsp. abscessus, M. abscessus subsp. massiliense, M. chelonae, M. immunogenum, M. fortuitum group, and M. mucogenicum group. Eravacycline displayed higher MICs against 50 slowly growing mycobacteria (SGM) species isolates, including 16 M. avium complex (MAC) isolates. The eravacycline MICs were higher (MIC range >8 \u956 g/mL), except for M. kansasii and M. marinum (MIC50 values of 1 \u956 g/mL).386Page 346\
\
In a similar study, omadacycline was tested against 111 isolates of nontuberculous mycobacteria, including 70 isolates of RGM of which >90% were tetracycline resistant.387 Omadacycline was active against all RGM species tested (M. abscessus subsp. abscessus, M. abscessus subsp. massiliense, M. chelonae, M. immunogenum, M. fortuitum group, and M. mucogenicum group), with MIC50 ranges of 0.004 to 0.25 and 0.06 to 1 \uc0\u956 g/mL for 80% and 100% inhibition, respectively. Against SGM, including MAC, omadacycline MICs were higher (MIC range, 8 to >16 \u956 g/mL; n = 41).387\
\
Clinical Uses\
General\
\
Eravacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of adults with cIAIs, whereas omadacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP in adults. Both agents have drawn interest in off-label usages because of their extended spectrum of activity.\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Omadacycline is FDA approved for CABP in adults based on the results of a phase III double-blind randomized controlled trial,388 in which patients with a pneumonia severity index risk class of II, III, or IV were randomized to either omadacycline (100 mg IV every 12 hours for two doses, then 100 mg IV every 24 hours) or moxifloxacin (400 mg IV every 24 hours) with an optional oral transition (omadacycline 300 mg every 24 hours or moxifloxacin 400 mg every 24 hours) after 3 days of IV treatment. Omadacycline was noninferior to moxifloxacin for early clinical response (ECR) at days 3 to 5 (81.1% and 82.7%, respectively), and the rates of investigator-assessed clinical response at the posttreatment evaluation (PTE) 5 to 10 days after the last drug dose were 87.6% and 85.1%, respectively. Gastrointestinal events were common in both groups (10.2% and 18%, respectively). All eight patients that developed C. difficile were among the moxifloxacin group. The mortality rate was 2.1% in the omadacycline group compared with 1% in the moxifloxacin group. All deaths occurred in patients > 65 years of age, and the cause of mortality imbalance was not established.\
\
Although eravacycline has not been FDA approved for any respiratory tract infection, it has been used and studied retrospectively. In an observational, retrospective cohort study of 93 patients with difficult-to-treat A. baumannii pneumonia, patients receiving eravacycline were compared with those receiving best available therapy.389 Eravacycline failed to show improved outcomes over best previously available therapy, and was associated with higher 30-day mortality (33% vs. 15%; P = .048), lower microbiologic cure (17% vs. 59%; P = .004), and longer durations of mechanical ventilation (10.5 vs. 6.5 days; P = .016). These findings may have been driven by significantly more patients with A. baumannii bacteremia and coinfection with SARS-CoV-2 at baseline in the group that received eravacycline. All 4 patients with bacteremia that received eravacycline died by day 30, which raises concern for the utility of eravacycline for treatment of bloodstream infections. Other smaller data sets without comparator groups have found clinical success using eravacycline for pneumonia.390-392\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Omadacycline is FDA approved for ABSSSI based on two phase III double-blind randomized controlled trials comparing omadacycline to linezolid.393,394 The first one enrolled a global population and randomized patients to receive omadacycline (100 mg IV every 12 hours for two doses, then 100 mg IV every 24 hours) or linezolid (600 mg IV every 12 hours) with an option to transition to oral therapy (omadacycline 300 mg every 24 hours or linezolid 600 mg every 12 hours) after 3 days. The second trial was conducted in the US and randomized patients to receive either oral omadacycline (450 mg every 24 hours over the first 48 hours then 300 mg every 24 hours) or oral linezolid (600 mg every 12 hours). In both studies, omadacycline was noninferior to linezolid with a similar safety profile. In an integrated analysis of the two studies, omadacycline was noninferior to linezolid using the FDA primary endpoint of ECR at 48 to 72 hours (86.2% vs. 83.9%%, respectively) and using the European Medicines Agency primary endpoint of investigator-assessed clinical response at the PTE in the modified intent-to-treat population (85.1% vs. 82.1%, respectively).395 The most common treatment-emergent adverse event in the omadacycline group was nausea (21.9% compared with 8.7% getting linezolid) and vomiting (11.4% compared with 3.9% getting linezolid). The higher rates of nausea and vomiting were associated with the oral 450-mg loading dose during the first 2 days of the second trial.\
\
Published efficacy of eravacycline for skin and skin structure infections is limited to successful reports from small, retrospective case series without comparator groups.390-392\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Eravacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of cIAIs based on the results of two phase III randomized controlled clinical trials. In the first trial, hospitalized patients with cIAIs requiring surgical or percutaneous intervention were randomized to receive either eravacycline 1 mg/kg every 12 hours or ertapenem 1 g every 24 hours for a minimum of 4 days.396 For the microbiological intent-to-treat population, the rates of clinical cure were 86.8% in the eravacycline group and 87.6% in the ertapenem group, meeting the prespecified noninferiority margin. Both drugs were well tolerated. In the second trial, hospitalized patients were randomized to either eravacycline 1 mg/kg every 12 hours or meropenem 1 g every 8 hours IV for 4 to 14 days.397 Eravacycline was found to be noninferior to meropenem for the primary endpoint of clinical cure after 25 to 31 days from start of therapy (90.8% vs. 92.1%, respectively). Clinical cure rates were also similar in the subset of 29 patients with ESBL-producing Enterobacterales for eravacycline compared with meropenem (87.5% vs. 84.6%, respectively). Adverse event rates for eravacycline were low (<5%) and mainly gastrointestinal in nature.\
\
Other Uses\
In two separate phase III clinical trials for the treatment of cUTIs, eravacycline (given IV before eligibility for an oral transition) did not achieve noninferiority to comparator agents (levofloxacin and ertapenem).398,399 As a result of these trials, eravacycline includes a limitation of use in its package insert that it is not indicated for the treatment of cUTIs.361\
\
Omadacycline was evaluated in a post-hoc analysis of 63 patients with secondary bacteremia enrolled in the three phase III clinical trials of ABSSSI and CABP.400 The clinical success at ECR of omadacycline versus comparator agents was 64.3% (18/28) and 85.7% (30/35), respectively, and the clinical success at PTE of omadacycline versus comparator agents was 75% (21/28) and 82.9% (29/35), respectively.\
\
In a case series of omadacycline use in multidrug-resistant and extensively drug-resistant gram-negative infections, clinical success occurred in 6/9 (66.7%) cases.401 The majority of infections were bone/joint (clinical success in 4/5) and the most commonly isolated pathogen was carbapenem-resistant A. baumannii (clinical success in 4/5). Omadacycline may also have a role for the treatment of M. abscessus based on a few small cases series.402,403\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Similar to tigecycline, both eravacycline and omadacycline were designed to overcome common mechanisms of tetracycline resistance such as efflux pumps and RPPs. In a study of E. coli cells expressing recombinant tetracycline resistance genes, the MIC values of eravacycline were minimally affected by common efflux pump (tet(A), tet(B), tet(K)) and RPP (tet(M)) tetracycline resistance genes.380 The expression of adeB efflux gene in A. baumannii correlates with eravacycline MICs.404 Omadacycline is also minimally affected by efflux pumps and RPPs, but may be impacted by drug degradation and 16S rRNA mutations that decrease the affinity of the drug to the ribosome.405,406\
\
Adverse Reactions\
Based on phase III clinical trial data, the most common side effects of eravacycline were infusion site reactions (7.7%), nausea (6.5%) and vomiting (3.7%).396,397 Other adverse reactions reported in 1% to 3% of patients were diarrhea, hypotension, and wound dehiscence. Both eravacycline and comparator groups had 2% of patients discontinue treatment because of adverse events. For eravacycline, this was most commonly due to gastrointestinal disorders.Page 347\
\
Similarly, the most common adverse reactions of omadacycline seen in phase III clinical trials were also gastrointestinal in nature. Nausea occurred more frequently when omadacycline was given as an oral loading dose (30%) compared with IV-to-oral switch trials (2.4%\'9612%).388,393,394 Vomiting also was more frequent with an oral loading dose (17%) compared with IV-to-oral switch (2.6%\'965%). Other adverse events that occurred in 2% to 5% of patients included infusion site reactions, elevated alanine and aspartate aminotransferases, elevated gamma-glutamyl transferase, hypertension, headache, diarrhea, insomnia, and constipation. Omadacycline and comparator agents had similar rates of serious adverse reactions (3.6% vs. 3.6%, respectively) and discontinuation because of adverse reactions (3.1% vs. 3.4%, respectively). In the clinical trial for CABP, 8 deaths (2%) occurred in the group that received omadacycline compared with 4 deaths (1%) in the group that received moxifloxacin.388 All 12 deaths occurred in patients over 65 years of age with various causes including progression of underlying pneumonia or respiratory compromise, HAP, cardiac or vascular events, and cancer. The cause of mortality imbalance has not been established, and it is recommended that those at higher risk for mortality be closely monitored. The FDA has required a postmarketing study from the pharmaceutical manufacturer and added a package insert warning for the mortality imbalance.362 In the two phase III clinical trials for ABSSSI, 1 death (0.1%) was reported in the groups that received omadacycline compared with 3 deaths (0.4%) in the groups that received linezolid. No death was determined to be related to the study treatment.393,394\
\
Breastfeeding is not recommended while on either agent. Both drugs carry warning labels for permanent tooth discoloration and enamel hypoplasia, and reversible inhibition of bone growth if used during the second and third trimesters of pregnancy and during childhood up to age 8.361,362\
\
Drug and Food Interactions\
Concomitant administration with rifampin reduces total eravacycline exposure by approximately 25% to 35% and increases clearance by approximately 50%.374 Thus, the dose of eravacycline should be increased to 1.5 mg/kg every 12 hours when coadministered with a strong CYP3A inducer, such as rifampin or phenytoin.\
\
In a phase 1 study, omadacycline bioavailability was reduced by 15% to 17% by a nondairy meal 4 hours before dosing, 40% to 42% by a nondairy meal 2 hours before dosing, and 59% to 63% for a dairy meal 2 hours before dosing.407 Similar to other tetracyclines, omadacycline absorption is impaired by antacids containing aluminum, calcium, or magnesium; bismuth subsalicylate; and iron-containing preparations. Thus, it is recommended that oral dosing be given with water after fasting for at least 4 hours, and to avoid food or drink (except water) for 2 hours and dairy products, antacids, or multivitamins for 4 hours after dosing.362 Omadacycline is unlikely to be affected by other drugs that inhibit or induce enzymatic and/or transport pathways.369\
\
Both drugs have similar label warnings for patients who are on anticoagulant therapy that they may require downward adjustments of anticoagulant dosing while on these agents.\
\
Chloramphenicol\
Chloramphenicol is a broad-spectrum antibiotic that has been in clinical use since 1949. It was developed from the soil organism Streptomyces venezuelae.408 It remains an inexpensive drug that is active against many gram-positive, gram-negative, anaerobic, and atypical organisms. Because of the risk of aplastic anemia, chloramphenicol is no longer the drug of choice for any specific infection.409,410 Its use in the high-income countries of the world is limited to life-threatening infections without safer alternatives. However, it is still commonly used in many low- and medium-income countries (LMICs).\
\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
The structure of chloramphenicol is shown in Fig. 25.2. It has a paranitrobenzene ring attached to a propanediol group with a dichloracetamide side chain.\
\
Chloramphenicol inhibits protein synthesis by reversibly binding to the peptidyl transferase cavity of the 50S subunit of the bacterial 70S ribosome. This prevents the aminoacyl-tRNA from binding to the ribosome, thus terminating polypeptide chain synthesis.411,412 Once chloramphenicol is removed, protein synthesis is able to resume if drug exposure was brief enough.413 This mechanism results in bacteriostatic activity against most organisms. However, chloramphenicol is bactericidal at clinically achievable concentrations against some meningeal organisms such as S. pneumoniae, N. meningitidis, and H. influenzae.414 It has been postulated that the dose-related bone marrow suppression of chloramphenicol is caused by its inhibition of protein synthesis in mammalian mitochondria, which contain 70S ribosomes.415\
\
\
FIG. 25.2\'a0Chemical structure of chloramphenicol.\
Follow for extended description\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosage\
\
Chloramphenicol is available in multiple formulations. Oral preparations are 250-mg capsules and a 150-mg/mL palmitate solution. In the United States, oral preparations have not been manufactured since 1991. IV preparations come in 1-g vials of sodium succinate powder for reconstitution. Infusions in adults are generally administered over a period of 30 minutes. There is an otic topical formulation that is a 0.5% otic solution, which is not available in the United States. There are a few different ophthalmic preparations: 0.5% solution, 1% ointment, and 25 mg/vial powder for ophthalmic solution. Only the ointment is available in the United States.\
\
The recommended dose for newborn infants younger than 2 weeks old is 25 mg/kg/day divided in 6-hour intervals. Full-term infants older than 2 weeks can receive 50 mg/kg/day divided in 6-hour intervals. In older children and adults, the dose is 50 mg/kg/day divided in 6-hour intervals. For severe infections, such as meningitis, doses up to 100 mg/kg/day in 6-hour intervals may be used. The maximum daily intake should not exceed 4 g total.410 Routine monitoring of serum concentrations should be performed, particularly in newborns and those with hepatic dysfunction. Peak serum levels between 15 and 25 mg/L have been suggested for children.416,417 Others have suggested 10 to 20 mg/L and that levels higher than 25 mg/L are associated with toxicity.418 If the white blood cell count decreases below 2500/\uc0\u956 L, discontinuation of the drug should strongly be considered.\
\
In patients with impaired renal function, usual doses may be administered because active chloramphenicol does not accumulate in the serum.13 Inactive chloramphenicol metabolites do accumulate in the serum, but this has not been associated with toxicity.419 Increased clearance of chloramphenicol occurs during dialysis, but this may be important only in patients with hepatic dysfunction. It is recommended that the normal maintenance dose of the drug be administered after dialysis to avoid the possibility of increased clearance.420 Peritoneal dialysis does not alter the half-life of active chloramphenicol; thus the dose does not need adjustment.421 Limited data exist for dosing during continuous renal replacement therapy.\
\
Total body clearance of chloramphenicol is reduced in patients with liver dysfunction because the drug is metabolized by the liver.422 Serum levels should be monitored closely.\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Oral chloramphenicol capsules are approximately 80% bioavailable as they are rapidly absorbed from the intestinal tract. Serum levels with the oral palmitate solution are lower than with the capsule form. The palmitate ester is biologically inactive and is absorbed after being hydrolyzed by pancreatic lipases in the upper intestinal tract to free chloramphenicol. Even so, the oral palmitate ester can achieve higher serum levels as compared with the IV succinate form.419 The Page 348rate of hydrolysis of the succinate by hepatic enzymes determines the concentration of active chloramphenicol, which is why oral preparations can be more bioavailable. Approximately 44% to 60% of the drug is bound to protein in the serum.422 After a 1-g dose in adults, peak serum levels occur after 2 hours, with levels of 10 to 13 mg/L.423 The half-life is 1.6 to 3.3 hours, and therapeutic levels may persist 6 to 8 hours after administration.424\
\
Chloramphenicol succinate given intravenously has a wide variability of half-lives in infants. In adults, the serum half-life is approximately 1.2 hours, with an elimination half-life of approximately 4 hours.419 Intramuscular injection is not recommended owing to variable hydrolysis and/or delayed absorption, leading to unpredictable serum concentrations.425\
\
Drug Distribution\
Chloramphenicol is highly lipid soluble and has excellent penetration into many body tissues, penetrates well into pleural and ascitic fluids, and also crosses the placenta and can be found in breast milk. It does not usually achieve adequate concentrations in the bile.410 In bacterial peritonitis, drug levels in ascitic fluid can exceed half of the serum concentration.426 Chloramphenicol is also able to achieve high levels in synovial fluid.427 Even without inflamed meninges, chloramphenicol readily crosses the blood-brain barrier. CSF concentration may be 50% or more of the serum concentration, a higher proportion than with any other antibiotic.428 Also, unlike most antibiotics, chloramphenicol can penetrate well into many parts of the eye.429 It has also been shown to be concentrated in alveolar macrophages and polymorphonuclear leukocytes.430\
\
Drug Elimination\
Chloramphenicol is primarily metabolized by the liver, where it undergoes conjugation with glucuronic acid. The major metabolite is the inactive chloramphenicol glucuronide. This, along with other minor metabolites, is then eliminated through the urine (accounting for about 75%\'9690% of drug elimination). About 5% to 15% of the unchanged, active drug is eliminated through glomerular filtration. Less than 3% is eliminated through bile. Less than 1% is eliminated in feces.424\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Chloramphenicol has a broad spectrum of activity against many gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, anaerobes, rickettsiae, chlamydiae, and mycoplasmas. As stated previously, chloramphenicol is generally bacteriostatic but may be bactericidal against meningeal organisms, especially at higher concentrations. For most organisms, susceptibility is defined as having an MIC value of 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL or less. Exceptions are S. pneumoniae (\u8804 4 \u956 g/mL) and H. influenzae (\u8804 2 \u956 g/mL).431\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Chloramphenicol has in\'a0vitro activity against streptococci, staphylococci, and enterococci. Resistance varies in many different geographic regions. In surveillance studies from the late 1990s, S. pneumoniae had higher rates of resistance in the Western Pacific Region and South Africa (17.1%), compared with Europe (12.7%), the United States (10.6%), Canada (4.5%), and Latin America (4.3%).432,433 Chloramphenicol resistance rates are typically higher among penicillin-intermediate and penicillin-resistant strains.\
\
In a North American surveillance study, chloramphenicol had activity against 81.6% of all S. aureus isolates tested.434 Another North American study also reported high susceptibility rates to both MSSA (96%) and MRSA (81%) strains.435 Chloramphenicol has also been demonstrated to have activity against vancomycin-intermediate and vancomycin-resistant strains.436,437\
\
Against Enterococcus spp., chloramphenicol susceptibility rates in North America have been shown to be 87%.438 In another study of 886 VRE isolates, investigators reported that 28.6% of 56 E. faecalis isolates from North America were chloramphenicol resistant, compared with 7.1% of 14 isolates from Europe. This was in contrast to E. faecium isolates. In North America, 0.5% of 776 isolates were resistant, compared with 15% of 40 isolates from Europe, the latter a result of clonal occurrences.439\
\
Certain gram-positive bacilli are susceptible to chloramphenicol. Corynebacterium diphtheriae, L. monocytogenes, and B. anthracis are almost always susceptible, whereas Corynebacterium jeikeium and Nocardia spp. are usually resistant.410,440,441\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Chloramphenicol has variable activity against gram-negative organisms. It is highly active against community-acquired organisms, such as H. influenzae and M. catarrhalis.432\'a0N. meningitidis and N. gonorrhoeae are also both highly susceptible.442,443\
\
Activity against E. coli is variable worldwide. A surveillance study demonstrated a wide range of chloramphenicol-resistant isolates, from 8% in Cura\'e7ao to 82% in Ghana.444 Another study in the United Kingdom showed that rates of resistance declined from 20.2% in 1991 to 7.9% in 2004.445 Chloramphenicol is generally active against some other members of the Enterobacterales, such as P. mirabilis, Salmonella spp., Shigella spp., and Yersinia spp., whereas others, such as Klebsiella spp., Serratia spp., Morganella spp., and Enterobacter spp., are usually more resistant.446-449 Before the development of resistance, chloramphenicol was one of the mainstays for treating typhoid fever.\
\
P. aeruginosa is generally resistant to chloramphenicol by means of an active efflux pump.450\'a0Acinetobacter spp. are also generally resistant, whereas S. maltophilia is usually susceptible.451,452 Chloramphenicol has activity against B. pseudomallei, whereas B. cepacia is usually resistant owing to decreased drug permeability.453,454\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Most gram-positive and gram-negative anaerobic bacteria are susceptible to chloramphenicol. Anaerobic gram-positive cocci, such as Peptostreptococcus spp., are all susceptible at achievable concentrations. Anaerobic gram-positive bacilli, such as Clostridium, Lactobacillus, and Propionibacterium spp., are also readily susceptible.455 However, resistant strains of Clostridium perfringens and C. difficile have been isolated.456,457 Against gram-negative anaerobic bacteria, chloramphenicol is one of the most active antimicrobial agents. Bacteroides spp., Fusobacterium spp., and Prevotella spp. are all highly susceptible.455 A US study of 5225 B. fragilis group isolates demonstrated that every one was susceptible to chloramphenicol.458\
\
Other Organisms\
Chloramphenicol has activity against chlamydiae, mycoplasma, rickettsiae, T. pallidum, C. burnetii, and leptospirae.410,459-461 It is not active against mycobacteria and protozoa.\
\
Clinical Uses\
In the high-income countries of the world, chloramphenicol is generally reserved for serious infections with limited alternative antimicrobial choices because of its well-known toxicities. In the LMICs, it is still commonly used because it may be the only broad-spectrum agent available. It also has the advantage of an oral formulation and its low cost, and it is available without a prescription in many parts of the world.\
\
Bacterial Meningitis and Brain Abscess\
Chloramphenicol remains a useful drug for the treatment of bacterial meningitis in countries that do not have access to third-generation cephalosporins. The use of single-dose intramuscular injections of oily chloramphenicol has been suggested as a nationwide antibiotic of choice for meningitis epidemics.462 Conclusions from a meta-analysis determined that in circumstances in which ceftriaxone or cefotaxime is not available or affordable, an ampicillin-chloramphenicol combination may be used as an alternative because the two treatment groups did not have important clinical differences.463 In a Nigerian study of childhood bacterial meningitis, similar results were seen in children treated with chloramphenicol as compared with those given cephalosporins.464 Another study during a meningococcal meningitis epidemic in sub-Saharan Africa demonstrated that single-dose intramuscular ceftriaxone had clinical outcomes at 72 hours that were comparable to those of single-dose intramuscular oily chloramphenicol and was actually cheaper.465 Unfortunately, poor outcome was noted in areas with high rates of chloramphenicol-resistant H. influenzae type b. This Page 349was seen in children treated in Papua New Guinea, where resistance rates were 20%.466 Areas with penicillin-resistant pneumococcal meningitis also have poor outcomes. In one study in South Africa, 20 of 25 children with chloramphenicol-susceptible, penicillin-resistant strains had poor outcomes, including death.467\
\
Chloramphenicol had been used extensively for the treatment of brain abscesses until the availability of safer agents. It may still have a role in treating this infection, particularly in patients with severe penicillin allergies.468 A case report of a patient with a culture-negative brain abscess in whom multiple antibiotic regimens had failed had dramatic clinical and radiographic improvement after 7 days of chloramphenicol therapy.469\
\
Salmonella Infections\
Chloramphenicol was once the drug of choice for typhoid fever.470 It has been largely replaced by the more efficacious and safer fluoroquinolones and ceftriaxone.471-473 In areas previously burdened with chloramphenicol-resistant Salmonella Typhi, susceptible strains are reappearing.474 Usual treatment for typhoid fever is a 2-week course.475 Clinical failure rates are rather low (estimated 4.8%), but relapse rates approach 5.6%.476\
\
Treatment of acute Salmonella gastroenteritis with chloramphenicol is not indicated and usually prolongs fecal excretion after clinical recovery.477,478 There does not appear to be any benefit with antibiotics in general with mild disease. Infections due to Salmonella enterica serotype Choleraesuis and S. enterica serotype Typhimurium can be treated with chloramphenicol, but resistance rates as high as 83% have been reported.479 Third-generation cephalosporins seem to be the drug of choice.\
\
Other Infections\
There are various other potential uses of chloramphenicol. It may be the drug of choice in rickettsial infections, such as RMSF, in pregnant women, or in patients allergic to tetracyclines.480 Overall, it is inferior to the tetracyclines for the treatment of RMSF.481 It may be useful when it is clinically difficult to distinguish between RMSF and meningococcemia. Chloramphenicol is also effective therapy for Mediterranean spotted fever, tick typhus, epidemic louse-borne typhus, murine typhus, and scrub typhus.93\
\
Renewed interest was previously seen in chloramphenicol for treatment of serious VRE infections, including bacteremia.482,483 However, this enthusiasm has since subsided with the availability of newer agents, such as daptomycin, linezolid, quinupristin-dalfopristin, and tigecycline. Other serious infections may find roles for chloramphenicol, such as a case report of successful treatment in combination with ciprofloxacin for prosthetic valve endocarditis due to S. maltophilia.484\
\
Chloramphenicol has fallen out of favor as an inclusion in multidrug therapy for the maintenance treatment of melioidosis, caused by B. pseudomallei. In an open-label, randomized study looking at chloramphenicol, doxycycline, and TMP-SMX versus doxycycline and TMP-SMX, the latter group was just as effective and better tolerated than the traditional four-drug group.187\
\
Topical chloramphenicol can be used for treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis, and it has excellent intraorbital penetration.485 It was also found to be superior to topical povidone-iodine in preventing neonatal chlamydial conjunctivitis in a trachoma-endemic area of Mexico.486 However, two randomized trials have minimized the impact of early use of topical chloramphenicol. In one trial, 326 children with infective conjunctivitis (250 cases were bacterial) were randomized to chloramphenicol or placebo. There was no significant difference in clinical cure rates at day 7 or with further episodes of conjunctivitis. AEs were rare in both groups.487 Another trial of 307 patients with infective conjunctivitis compared early topical chloramphenicol, delayed treatment, and no treatment. Delaying antibiotics was found to reduce antibiotic use, resulted in similar duration and severity of symptoms as immediate prescribing, and reduced reattendance for eye infections.488\
\
Because of its activity against tularemia, plague, and anthrax, chloramphenicol has been suggested by the Working Group on Civilian Biodefense as an effective alternative agent in the setting of biologic warfare.489-491\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Resistance to chloramphenicol occurs by various mechanisms. The most common is by enzymatic acetylation and inactivation by chloramphenicol acetyltransferases (CATs).492 Most CAT genes are located on mobile genetic elements, can be distributed to other bacteria, and often confer resistance to other classes of antimicrobial drugs.493,494 The plasmid-mediated spread of these resistant genes was the cause of the global decrease in Salmonella Typhi susceptibility.495\
\
Other mechanisms of resistance occur by decreasing membrane permeability, which prevents uptake of chloramphenicol. Some gram-negative bacteria prevent drug penetration by a change in their outer membrane proteins.496 This was demonstrated to be plasmid-mediated in P. aeruginosa and chromosomally mediated in H. influenzae.497,498\
\
Transmembrane efflux pumps have also been shown to confer resistance to both gram-positive and gram-negative organisms.499,500 Last, alteration of a 50S ribosomal subunit was found to reduce chloramphenicol binding in Bacillus skin structure infections (cSSSIs) and cIAIs based on noninferiority studies.256,257 In 2009, tigecycline was approved for the treatment of CABP based on comparable cure rates in patients treated with levofloxacin.258,259 Tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic and is active in\'a0vitro against a broad range of antibiotic-resistant aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. The FDA issued a warning regarding an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections based on the pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable.261 In general, the deaths appear related to worsening or complications of the infection or underlying comorbidities. Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP) trial, particularly those with ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP) with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
TABLE 25.3\
\
Significant Food-Drug and Drug-Drug Interactions With Tetracyclines\
Interacting Agent	Effect	Comments\
Food	Tetracycline	\
Food may reduce absorption by 50%	Bioavailability is 60%\'9680% when taken on an empty stomach\
Doxycycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Minocycline	\
Absorption may be reduced by up to 20% when taken with food or milk	Food effect not clinically significant\
Divalent or trivalent cations: aluminum, calcium, magnesium, iron, zinc	Significant reduction of all tetracycline absorption	Should not be administered concurrently with foods or drugs containing divalent or trivalent cations (i.e., antacids, sucralfate, didanosine, multivitamins)\
Kaolin and pectin	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	\
Bismuth subsalicylate	Significant reduction of tetracycline absorption	Separate administration of tetracycline from divalent or trivalent cations by 2hours\
Sodium bicarbonate	May decrease absorption of tetracycline	\
Cimetidine	Decreased tetracycline absorption	Effect not clinically significant\
Carbamazepine, phenytoin, barbiturates	Decreased half-life of doxycycline	Increases hepatic metabolism\
Chronic ethanol ingestion	Decreased half-life of doxycycline but not tetracycline	Possible mechanism: induction of hepatic microsomal enzymes\
Methoxyflurane or fluorinated anesthetic	Nephrotoxicity when administered with tetracycline agents	\
Diuretics	Increased blood urea nitrogen	Volume depletion may increase the nephrotoxic effects of tetracycline by unknown mechanisms\
Oral anticoagulants	Increased risk of bleeding	Tetracyclines may impair utilization of prothrombin and may decrease vitamin K production by intestinal bacteria; tigecycline decreases warfarin clearance, although a study found no effect in healthy volunteers\
Oral contraceptives	Reduced levels when administered with tetracyclines	\
Women should use an additional (mechanical) form of birth control\
Possible mechanism: reduction in bacterial hydrolysis of conjugated estrogen in the intestine\
Antiinfectives	May reduce antimicrobial activity of aminoglycosides and penicillins	\
Rare reports of in\'a0vitro antagonism\
Some clinicians recommend that the drugs not be used concomitantly\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Tigecycline is a semisynthetic derivative of minocycline. It has an N-alkyl-glycylamido moiety attached to the 9-position of minocycline.263 (See Fig. 25.1 for molecular structure.) The design is based on the premise that a peptide substituent would enhance ribosomal permeation and binding. The 9-glycyl substitution results in steric hindrance that enables tigecycline to overcome the two major types of tetracycline resistance: tetracycline-specific efflux pumps and ribosomal protection.264\
\
Tigecycline\'92s antibacterial mechanism of action is similar to that of older tetracyclines. It works by inhibiting bacterial protein synthesis by binding to bacterial 30S ribosomal subunits, ultimately blocking entry of aminoacyl transfer RNA molecules into the A site of the ribosome. This prevents amino acids from incorporating into elongating peptide chains, thus inhibiting protein synthesis.264,265 Like other tetracyclines, tigecycline is considered bacteriostatic because its interaction with the ribosome is reversible.8 Because glycylcyclines bind five times more strongly to the ribosome than tetracyclines, they are able to overcome the ribosomal protection mechanism of the tetracycline resistome.266,267\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Tigecycline is available only in intravenous formulation owing to its poor oral absorption. The recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by 50 mg every 12 hours. Infusions should be administered over approximately 30 to 60 minutes. According to the package insert, the recommended duration of treatment for cSSSIs or for cIAIs is 5 to 14 days. The recommended duration for treatment of CABP is 7 to 14 days. It has not been studied in children younger than 18.268\
\
In patients with renal impairment, no dose adjustment is necessary. In a pooled pharmacokinetic evaluation of tigecycline in healthy adult volunteers and in those with renal impairment, tigecycline had mostly linear pharmacokinetics across all dose ranges. Tigecycline is also not significantly removed by hemodialysis.269\
\
In patients with mild-to-moderate hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh A and B), no dose adjustment is necessary. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh C), the recommended regimen is an initial dose of 100 mg, followed by a reduced maintenance dose of 25 mg every 12 hours. These patients should be treated with caution and monitored closely. In a study looking at various stages of liver dysfunction, patients with moderate liver disease had systemic clearance reduced by 25%, and the half-life was increased by 23%. In patients with severe liver disease, systemic clearance was decreased by 55% and the half-life was increased by 43%.270\
\
There do not appear to be any significant differences in tigecycline pharmacokinetic parameters on the basis of age, sex, or weight. Therefore, no dose adjustment appears necessary.271Page 340\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Tigecycline has limited oral bioavailability, hence it is available only in IV preparations. Food does not significantly alter pharmacokinetics and may reduce the nausea and vomiting seen as a side effect. The half-life of tigecycline ranges from 37 to 67 hours.272\
\
Drug Distribution\
In\'a0vitro plasma protein binding of tigecycline is 71% to 89%, and the volume of distribution is 7 to 10 L/kg, indicating extensive distribution into the tissues.272 In a 100-mg single-dose study of patients undergoing elective surgery or a medical procedure for tissue extraction, various tissue concentrations were measured. The respective mean and median concentration values of tigecycline in serum immediately after the end of a 100-mg infusion were 1.94 and 1.32 mg/L. Subsequent serum concentrations of tigecycline gradually declined to mean values of 0.22, 0.19, 0.11, and 0.07 mg/L at approximately 4, 8, 12, and 24 hours, respectively. Tissue penetration, expressed as the ratio of area under the curve (AUC)0\'9624h in tissue or body fluid to serum, was 537 for bile, 23 for gallbladder, 2.6 for colon, 2.0 for lung, 0.41 for bone, 0.31 for synovial fluid, and 0.11 for CSF.273 In a separate study of subjects without infections undergoing elective orthopedic procedures, multiple doses of tigecycline were shown to result in bone-to-serum ratios of approximately 4.77, showing penetration into bone.274 After standard dosing to 33 healthy volunteers, the tigecycline AUC0\'9612h in alveolar cells was 78-fold higher than the AUC0\'9612h in the serum. In epithelial lining fluid, the AUC0\'9612h was about 32% higher than in the serum.268,273 In the urine, after a 100-mg dose of tigecycline, urinary concentrations were about 0.3 \uc0\u956 g/mL.275 Clinical trials in urinary tract infections were abandoned on precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 Like the earlier-generation tetracyclines, tigecycline displays a time-dependent killing pattern and exhibits a considerable postantibiotic effect.277\
\
Drug Elimination\
The primary route of elimination for tigecycline is biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline and its metabolites. Using radiolabeled carbon-14 (14C)-tigecycline, studies have shown elimination primarily by the liver via biliary excretion of unchanged tigecycline in the feces (59%). Glucuronidation and renal excretion of unchanged tigecycline are secondary routes. Thirty-two percent of tigecycline is eliminated in the urine.272,278\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Tigecycline has antibacterial activity against a wide variety of aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.4.Page 341\
\
TABLE 25.4\
\
Overview of the MIC50 and MIC90 Ranges, and the Wild-Type Cutoff Values for Various Species That Are Clinically Relevant for Tigecycline Use\
MIC50 (\uc0\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	Range (\u956 g/mL)	Eucast Wild-Type Cutoff\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'961	0.25\
S. aureus, methicillin-susceptible	0.12	0.12\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'961	0.25\
Staphylococcus epidermidis, methicillin-resistant	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	0.5\
S. epidermidis, methicillin-susceptible	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.06\'962	0.5\
Enterococcus faecalis, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
Enterococcus faecium, vancomycin-susceptible	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.25	\u8804 0.06\'962	0.25\
E. faecium, vancomycin-resistant	\uc0\u8804 0.06	\u8804 0.06\'960.12		0.25\
Streptococcus pyogenes	0.06	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	0.125\
Streptococcus agalactiae	0.03\'960.06	0.12\'960.25	0.03\'961	0.25\
Streptococcus pneumoniae	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.5	\u8804 0.06\'961	0.125\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Enterobacterales	0.5	1	0.04\'9616	\'97\
Enterobacter spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.06\'968	\'97\
Enterobacter cloacae	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.5\'9616	2\
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes	0.5\'961	1\'962	0.06\'9616	2\
Escherichia coli	0.12\'960.25	0.25\'960.5	0.03\'964	1\
Haemophilus influenzae	0.12\'960.5	0.25\'961	\uc0\u8804 0.008\'962	1\
Klebsiella spp.	0.5	1\'962	0.5\'968	2 (K. pneumoniae)\
Klebsiella pneumoniae ESBL+	1	2	0.12\'968	\'97\
Moraxella catarrhalis	0.06\'960.12	0.12\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.03\'960.5	0.125\
Morganella morganii	2	4	1\'968	8\
Proteus spp.	4	4\'968	1\'9616	4/8\
Serratia spp.	1\'962	1\'964	0.5\'9616	4\
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	0.38\'961	1.5\'964	0.25\'968	4\
Pseudomonas aeruginosa	8\'9616	16 to \uc0\u8805 32	0.12\'9664	64\
Acinetobacter spp.	0.5\'963	1\'966	0.03\'968	\'97\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Bacteroides fragilis group	0.5\'961	0.5\'968	0.06\'9632	\'97\
Clostridioides difficile (formerly Clostridium difficile)	0.06\'960.12	0.06\'960.25	\uc0\u8804 0.06\'962	\'97\
Clostridium perfringens	0.12	1	0.06\'962	\'97\
Fusobacterium spp.	0.03\'960.12	0.06\'960.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.25	\'97\
Peptostreptococcus spp.	0.06	0.06\'960.125	0.06\'960.12	\
ESBL, Extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; EUCAST, European Committee on Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
From Nabuurs-Franssen M, Mouton JW. Tigecycline. In: Grayson ML, ed. Kucers\'92 The Use of Antibiotics. 6th ed. CRC Press; 2010:881\'96892.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against many Staphylococcus, Enterococcus, and Streptococcus species, including organisms resistant to many other classes of antibiotics. Among S. aureus, tigecycline has shown potent activity among both MSSA and MRSA strains.279-281 Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against community-associated MRSA strains as seen in a study of 1989 isolates with a susceptibility rate of 98.2%.282 In a European survey of common skin and skin structure pathogens, all MRSA isolates were susceptible to tigecycline.283\'a0Staphylococcus epidermidis has also been shown to be susceptible to tigecycline, including strains that are erythromycin resistant.284\
\
Tigecycline is also highly active against Enterococcus spp., including strains resistant to vancomycin. In a study of 97 vancomycin-resistant isolates, tigecycline was equally active against all VanA, VanB, and VanC phenotypes of glycopeptide resistance of enterococci.285 In the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) program, which took place from 2004 to 2009 and looked at various antimicrobials against Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium, all 2068 isolates of E. faecalis were susceptible to tigecycline in various European countries. Only 2 out of 893 (0.2%) of E. faecium isolates were resistant to tigecycline.286 In a Korean study, 4 out of 2005 (0.2%) of vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) isolates were resistant to tigecycline.287\
\
Streptococci have also been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline, including bloodstream isolates of viridans-group streptococcal species.288 Tigecycline has also shown excellent activity against \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci.289 Tigecycline was two- to fourfold more active than comparator agents against all 435 isolates of S. pneumoniae studied in the global TEST program, including those that were penicillin resistant and penicillin intermediate. Against the penicillin-susceptible S. pneumoniae isolates, tigecycline was less active than \u946 -lactam agents.290 In another study, tigecycline was noted to be bactericidal against 11 of 12 strains of S. pneumoniae.291\
\
Tigecycline has also been shown to be highly active against L. monocytogenes and coryneform bacteria.292\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Tigecycline has good activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of most strains of Proteus spp., Providencia spp., and Morganella spp.289,293,294 Enterobacterales that have developed resistance to tetracycline are susceptible to tigecycline because it remains stable and largely unaffected by the commonly occurring efflux and ribosomal protection resistance mechanisms. In a large global study, tetracycline-resistant populations demonstrated only modest decreases in potency to tigecycline, which appeared to be species dependent (up to twofold only for E. coli, Salmonella spp., Shigella spp., and Pantoea agglomerans and up to fourfold for Klebsiella spp., Enterobacter spp., and Citrobacter spp.).295 Other resistance mechanisms, such as extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase (ESBL) production, AmpC derepression, carbapenemase production, and resistance phenotypes, such as fluoroquinolone resistance, fluoroquinolone/ampicillin resistance, fluoroquinolone/TMP-SMX resistance, and multidrug resistance, do not have an influence on the MIC value of tigecycline.295-299\
\
Tigecycline has good activity against most lactose-nonfermenting gram-negative bacilli with the notable exception of P. aeruginosa. It remains one of the most active agents against Acinetobacter spp.290,293,300 Although most studies have noted a high level of Acinetobacter spp. susceptibility to tigecycline, one study in Israel noted that of 82 isolates, 66% were resistant, 12% were intermediate, and just 22% were susceptible to tigecycline.301 In the United States, most antimicrobial agents have shown reduced susceptibility to A. baumannii over recent years, including tigecycline.300\'a0S. maltophilia has been shown to be highly susceptible to tigecycline in\'a0vitro. In a large global survey of 1586 isolates, 95.5% were susceptible to tigecycline, which was second only to TMP-SMX (96%).302\
\
In another global study, 1220 strains of H. influenzae, 495 strains of Moraxella catarrhalis, and 17 strains of N. meningitidis were all susceptible to tigecycline.303\'a0Brucella melitensis is highly susceptible to tigecycline both in\'a0vitro and in blood and bone marrow cultures of adult patients with acute brucellosis.304-306 Tigecycline has reduced activity against B. cepacia.267\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Tigecycline is active against most gram-positive and gram-negative anaerobes. In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline were tested against 831 isolates of the B. fragilis group representing all of the species within the group. Tigecycline was more active than clindamycin, minocycline, and cefoxitin and less active than imipenem or piperacillin-tazobactam against all isolates of the B. fragilis group.307 In the European TEST program looking at Bacteroides, Prevotella, Anaerococcus, Clostridium, Finegoldia, and Peptostreptococcus spp., the lowest MIC values were noted for meropenem and tigecycline. Of note, tigecycline showed the lowest MIC90 against C. difficile (0.25 mg/L).308\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Tigecycline is highly active against C. pneumoniae, C. trachomatis, M. pneumoniae, and M. hominis.85,309 It is less active against U. urealyticum than tetracycline, with an MIC90 of 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL.309 In a guinea pig model, tigecycline was shown to be as effective as erythromycin against L. pneumophila, but the drug was inactivated by test medium that confounded susceptibility data. Tigecycline prevented death in the study, but treated guinea pigs were noted to have residual bacterial concentrations in the lungs, suggesting that tigecycline may not be the drug of choice for severe legionnaires\'92 disease, and prolonged therapy would be required.310\
\
Mycobacteria and Nocardia\
The rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM) appear to be highly susceptible to tigecycline. In two separate studies, every RGM isolate, mostly consisting of M. fortuitum, M. abscessus, and M. chelonae, was susceptible to tigecycline.97,311 All slowly growing nontuberculous mycobacteria, including M. avium complex, Mycobacterium lentiflavum, M. marinum, and M. kansasii, are resistant to tigecycline.97 The in\'a0vitro activity against M. tuberculosis appears poor.312 Tigecycline has modest activity against Nocardia spp., with an MIC90 of 4 \uc0\u956 g/mL. By comparison, minocycline has an MIC90 of 2 \u956 g/mL.103\
\
Clinical Uses\
Tigecycline is currently FDA approved for three indications: treatment of cSSSIs, cIAIs, and CABP. It is also used off-label for many other disease processes.\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Several clinical studies have compared tigecycline versus a combination of vancomycin and aztreonam for up to 14 days for the treatment of skin and skin structure infections. Similar results have been seen across studies that have shown tigecycline to be noninferior. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, tests of cure were between 73.3% and 84.3% for tigecycline and between 66.6% and 86.9% for the vancomycin-aztreonam group. Tests of cure for the clinically evaluable populations were 78.6% to 89.8% and 75.8% to 95%, respectively. Increased nausea and vomiting was consistently seen in the tigecycline group, whereas rash and elevated transaminases were consistently seen in the vancomycin-aztreonam group.256,313-316 In the largest study, no differences were noted in clinical cure rates in patients who were bacteremic (86% vs. 87.5%). Tigecycline had equal efficacy in patients with monomicrobial and polymicrobial infections.256\
\
In a phase III, randomized, double-blind trial conducted in subjects with diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, a 150-mg once-daily regimen of tigecycline did not meet criteria for noninferiority compared with ertapenem with or without vancomycin.317\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Tigecycline is an attractive option to treat cIAIs because its broad spectrum of activity is favorable against a potentially polymicrobial infection. In two large studies of cIAIs, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for 5 to 14 days of treatment. Complicated appendicitis was the most common infection, followed by complicated cholecystitis. The most common organisms were E. coli, Streptococcus anginosus group, and B. fragilis. Acute Physiology and Chronic Page 342Health Evaluation (APACHE) II scores were similar, and less than 4% of patients had scores over 15. Clinical cure rates were 86.1% for tigecycline and 86.2% for imipenem-cilastatin, meeting noninferiority criteria. There was no difference in cure rates between the two therapies for monomicrobial versus polymicrobial infections. Clinical cure rates for bacteremia were also similar (82% vs. 80%, respectively). Nausea and vomiting were more frequent in the tigecycline group.257,318\
\
Two other studies have compared tigecycline with a combination of ceftriaxone plus metronidazole for cIAIs. Clinical cure rates were between 70.4% and 81.8% in the tigecycline group and 74.3% and 79.4% in the ceftriaxone-metronidazole group, again displaying noninferiority.319,320\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Tigecycline has been approved for the treatment of CABP. It has been compared with levofloxacin in multiple studies with treatment durations between 7 and 14 days and Fine Pneumonia Severity Index scores typically from II to IV. Among the clinical modified intention-to-treat populations, test-of-cure results were between 78.7% and 84.4% for tigecycline and between 77.8% and 82.1% for the levofloxacin group. Test-of-cure results for the clinically evaluable populations were 88.9% and 90.6% and 85.3% and 87.2%, respectively. All trials met noninferiority criteria for tigecycline. As with other clinical trials, more patients tended to have nausea and vomiting in the tigecycline groups.258,259,321,322\
\
Tigecycline has also been looked at for treating VAP and HAP. In a retrospective review of 117 patients with VAP treated with tigecycline, 74 (63%) were determined by the physician to have clinical success. About half of the patients had a microbiologic diagnosis, and of those the most common organisms were Acinetobacter spp. (69%) and MRSA (22%). Eighty-four percent of the cases with Acinetobacter spp. were carbapenem resistant. Global mortality proportion was 33%.323 In a phase III randomized controlled trial involving 945 patients, tigecycline was compared with imipenem-cilastatin for the treatment of HAP. Cure rates were 67.9% for tigecycline and 78.2% for imipenem-cilastatin in the clinically evaluable group and 62.7% and 67.6% in the clinical modified intention-to-treat group, respectively. A statistical interaction occurred between VAP and non-VAP subgroups, with significantly lower cure rates in tigecycline-treated VAP patients compared with imipenem; in non-VAP patients, tigecycline was noninferior to imipenem. Overall mortality did not differ between the tigecycline (14.1%) and imipenem-cilastatin regimens (12.2%), although more deaths occurred in VAP patients treated with tigecycline than imipenem-cilastin.324 In a subsequent phase II study, the safety and efficacy of two higher doses of tigecycline (150 mg followed by 75 mg every 12 hours or 200 mg followed by 100 mg every 12 hours) were compared with imipenem-cilastatin in participants with HAP. In the clinically evaluable population, the rate of clinical cure with tigecycline 100 mg (17/20, 85.0%) was numerically higher than with tigecycline 75 mg (16/23, 69.6%) and imipenem-cilastatin (18/24, 75.0%). No new safety signals with the high-dose tigecycline were identified.325\
\
Other Uses\
Tigecycline is also used for many off-label indications. In an early-use registry of 113 patients, 22% received tigecycline for approved indications and 78% for off-label indications (56% with scientific support and 22% with limited or no scientific support).326\
\
Although there are no randomized prospective trials looking at the use of tigecycline for bacteremia, secondary bacteremia in prior clinical trials has been analyzed. Pooled data from subjects enrolled for treatment of cSSSI, cIAI, or CAP presenting with bacteremia from seven double-blind and one open-label trial of tigecycline compared with vancomycin-aztreonam, imipenem-cilastatin, levofloxacin, vancomycin, or linezolid were analyzed. A total of 170 subjects were identified, and clinical cure rates were 81.3% and 78.5% for tigecycline and the comparator. Nine patients treated with tigecycline were noted to have persistent bacteremia, as compared with one in the comparator group.327 Tigecycline, in a solution with N-acetylcysteine and heparin, was evaluated as a catheter-lock solution for catheter salvage in patients with hemodialysis catheter-associated bacteremia. Eighteen case patients received the catheter-lock solution for 14 days plus systemic antibiotic therapy. Treatment was successful for 15 (83%) of the 18 case patients within 90 days of follow-up.328\
\
In critically ill patients who have developed bacterial infections with multidrug resistance, tigecycline remains an attractive option owing to its ability to maintain in\'a0vitro activity. A phase III, open-label, noncomparator study evaluated tigecycline in patients with selected serious infections caused by resistant gram-negative bacteria, patients with treatment failures who had received prior antimicrobial therapy, or patients unable to tolerate other appropriate antimicrobials. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, CAP, HAP, VAP, and bacteremia (including catheter-associated bacteremia). Clinical cure rate was 72.2%, and the microbiologic eradication rate was 66.7%.329 Another phase III study compared the safety and efficacy of tigecycline with vancomycin or linezolid in hospitalized patients with MRSA or VRE infections. Infections included cSSSI, cIAI, pneumonia, and bacteremia. For MRSA infection, clinical cure rates in the microbiologically evaluable population (n = 117) were 81.4% (70/86 patients) with tigecycline and 83.9% (26/31 patients) with vancomycin. Most infections were cSSSIs. There were only 15 patients enrolled with VRE, and the authors were not able to draw any conclusions.330 In a report of 110 cancer patients who developed serious infections, 64% were noted to have a clinical response when treated with tigecycline (92% were treated in combination with an antipseudomonal agent). Interesting to note, more patients with bacteremia than pneumonia had clinical response (79% vs. 51%). Mortality rates of those with pneumonia were 44%, compared with 16% with bacteremia.331 The combination of piperacillin-tazobactam and tigecycline was found to be more effective than piperacillin-tazobactam alone in febrile, neutropenic hematologic patients with cancer in an epidemiologic setting characterized by a high rate of MDR microorganisms.332 In a prospective, observational study of adults with extensively drug-resistant A. baumannii bacteremia, increased 14-day mortality was observed with the combination of colistin-tigecycline compared with a colistin-carbapenem regimen. The excess mortality may have been restricted to the subgroup with higher tigecycline MICs (>2 \uc0\u956 g/mL).333 In a systematic review and meta-analysis, tigecycline, particularly when given in high-doses and in combination with other agents, was found to have similar efficacy to other antibiotics for treating carbapenem-resistant gram-negative bacterial infections.334\
\
Clinical trials that have looked at use of tigecycline for urinary tract infections were abandoned at precompletion review because there was limited urinary recovery of active drug.276 In a retrospective cohort study of carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae bacteriuria, tigecycline, polymyxin B, and an aminoglycoside were compared. The microbiologic clearance rate was 88% in the aminoglycoside cohort (n = 41), 64% in the polymyxin B cohort (n = 25), 43% in the tigecycline cohort (n = 21), and 36% in an untreated cohort.335 Success with tigecycline for treating MDR K. pneumoniae and A. baumannii urinary tract infection or urosepsis has been reported with use of higher than approved doses of tigecycline, with initial doses between 200 and 400 mg and subsequent maintenance doses of 100 to 200 mg every 24 hours.275\
\
Interest in using tigecycline for CDIs has arisen owing to its in\'a0vitro activity and high stool concentrations. Currently, no randomized controlled trials have evaluated tigecycline for the treatment of CDI. There have been multiple case reports of use of tigecycline (alone or in combination with other CDI therapies) for the treatment of CDI, with most having a successful outcome.336-338 In a retrospective case-control study of severe CDI, 18 patients who received tigecycline (along with other CDI therapies) were compared with 26 similarly ill patients who did not receive tigecycline. There was no difference with regard to CDI survival, rates of colectomy, or relapse rates.339 In a propensity-matched cohort study of 28 cases of CDI treated with tigecycline compared with 140 cases without tigecycline, 30-day mortality was not statistically different.340\
\
Limited data exist regarding use of tigecycline for bone and joint infections. In the previously mentioned phase III study in diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis, clinical cure rates in the substudy were low (<36%) for a subset of tigecycline-treated patients with osteomyelitis.317 Other small cases series have reported varying degrees of success using tigecycline for osteomyelitis.341,342Page 343\
\
Treatment of infections with RGM can be difficult. The safety and efficacy of a tigecycline-containing regimen for salvage treatment of 52 patients with M. abscessus and M. chelonae was performed. Included patients had both lung and extrapulmonary infections. Tigecycline given for at least 1 month as part of a multidrug regimen resulted in improvement in over 60% of patients, including those with underlying cystic fibrosis, despite failure of prior antibiotic therapy. AEs were reported in over 90% of cases, the most common being nausea and vomiting.343\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Tigecycline remains active against bacteria that contain efflux-mediated resistance to tetracyclines. This is likely a result of the efflux pump\'92s ineffectiveness in transporting tigecycline out of the cell, or from the inability of tigecycline to induce efflux proteins.344,345 There is also currently no evidence of gene mutations coding for RPPs for the tet family (tet(M), tet(O), tet(S)) for reduced susceptibility to tigecycline.\
\
The most common intrinsic tigecycline resistance observed in Proteus mirabilis and Morganella morganii is drug recognition and upregulation by the AcrAB efflux pump.346,347 Overexpression of this pump is also associated with the development of resistance to other gram-negative bacteria. P. aeruginosa is intrinsically resistant to tigecycline as a result of the MexXY-OprM multidrug efflux pump.348 A novel plasmid-mediated multidrug-resistant RND family efflux pump, TMexCD1-TOprJ1, has been identified in carbapenem-resistant K. pneumoniae and other gram-negative bacilli including Pseudomonas spp. in China.349\
\
The overexpression of MepA, a novel MATE family efflux pump, may contribute to decreased activity of tigecycline against S. aureus.350\
\
Adverse Reactions\
Gastrointestinal Side Effects\
\
As with older tetracyclines, the most commonly reported adverse reactions to tigecycline are gastrointestinal in nature. As seen in multiple phase III clinical trials, nausea (26%) and vomiting (18%) were the most reported side effects.256,257,268,313,351 The majority of these symptoms (95%) were mild to moderate and occurred after 1 to 2 days of therapy. The side effects are dose related; 100 mg was the highest dose tolerated in fasting healthy participants, and 200 mg was the highest dose tolerated with food.272 However, the risk of side effects was found to be similar in a review of 134 patients given standard or high-dose regimens for VAP.352 Less reported side effects are anorexia, dry mouth, dysgeusia, and loose stool.296\
\
Hepatotoxicity and Pancreatitis\
Transient elevations in transaminases and alkaline phosphatase levels have been seen.353 In phase III clinical trials, the incidence of increased liver function test results was significantly lower with tigecycline than with comparator drugs.256,258 However, in a recent retrospective review of 397 patients treated with at least 7 days of tigecycline, the prevalence of drug-induced liver injury (DILI) was 10.3%.354 Independent risk factors for DILI were abnormal baseline alanine aminotransferase levels, intensive care unit admission, and treatment length. Case reports of mild tigecycline-induced acute pancreatitis have also been reported.355\
\
Other Side Effects\
Other side effects reported from clinical trials that have an incidence between 2% and 7% include (in descending order) infection, headache, anemia, hypoproteinemia, asthenia, phlebitis, elevated blood urea nitrogen (BUN), abnormal healing, dizziness, skin rash, pneumonia, and abscess formation.268\
\
Increased Mortality\
In 2010 the FDA issued a warning of an increased risk of death with tigecycline compared with other antibiotics used to treat similar infections on the basis of pooled analysis of 13 clinical trials.260 In those studies, death occurred in 4% (150/3788) of patients receiving tigecycline and 3% (110/3646) of patients receiving comparator drugs. Based on a random effects model by trial weight, an adjusted risk difference of all-cause mortality was 0.6% (95% confidence interval, 0.1\'961.2) between tigecycline- and comparator-treated patients. Deaths were generally the result of worsening infection, complications of infections, or underlying comorbidities. Among indications, the mortality difference was not statistically significant. However, mortality in tigecycline-treated patients was numerically greater in every infection and considerably greater in VAP (19.1% vs. 12.3%). Study-level and patient-level analyses have identified that patients in the HAP trial, particularly those with VAP with baseline bacteremia, were at a higher risk of clinical failure and mortality.262\
\
In 2013 the FDA approved a new boxed warning about this risk of death and warned health care professionals to reserve tigecycline for use in situations in which alternative treatments are not suitable. After the 2010 warning was issued, data were analyzed from 10 clinical trials conducted only for FDA-approved uses (cSSSI, cIAI, CABP), including trials conducted after the drug was approved. This analysis showed a higher risk of death among patients receiving tigecycline compared with other antibacterial drugs: 2.5% (66/2640) versus 1.8% (48/2628), respectively. The adjusted risk difference for death was 0.6% with corresponding 95% confidence interval (0.0\'961.2).261\
\
Several meta-analyses prompted the FDA to look into the efficacy and safety of tigecycline. Depending on what clinical trials (published and unpublished) were included, results varied.356-358\
\
Drug Interactions\
In\'a0vitro studies in human liver microsomes have indicated that tigecycline is not a substrate, inhibitor, or inducer of common cytochrome P450 enzymes; therefore such pharmacokinetic drug interactions are unlikely.359 However, concomitant administration of tigecycline and warfarin in healthy participants resulted in a decrease in clearance of R-warfarin and S-warfarin by 40% and 23%, an increase in Cmax by 38% and 43%, and an increase in AUC by 68% and 29%, respectively.268 No significant effects of tigecycline on digoxin pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics were noted in a study of 20 healthy men.360\
\
Eravacycline and Omadacycline\
Two new tetracycline derivatives were approved by the FDA in late 2018. Eravacycline is a fluorocycline antibiotic and is FDA approved for cIAIs in adults.361 Omadacycline is an aminomethylcycline and is FDA approved for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP.362 Both drugs carry the same package insert label, which is to recommend that these two drugs should be used only to treat or prevent infections that are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. This precaution is to reduce the development of drug-resistant bacteria and maintain the effectiveness of eravacycline and omadacycline and other antibacterial drugs.363 Eravacycline also has a label precaution that it is not indicated for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTIs). Omadacycline has an additional label precaution about the mortality imbalance in patients with CABP. In the CABP trial, a mortality rate of 2.1% was observed in omadacycline-treated patients compared with 0.8% in moxifloxacin-treated patients (P = .14).362 The cause of the mortality imbalance has not been established. Providers should closely monitor clinical response to therapy in CABP patients, particularly in those at higher risk for mortality.\
\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
Eravacycline is a synthetic fluorocycline that is similar in structure to tigecycline but with two important tetracycline core modifications (see Fig 25.1). The dimethylamine moiety at C-7 is replaced by a fluorine atom and the 2-tertiary-butyl glycylamido moiety at C-9 is replaced by a pyrrolidinoacetamido group.364 Omadacycline is a semisynthetic aminomethylcycline that is also similar in structure to tigecycline but with an alkylaminomethyl group replacing the glycylamido group at the C-9 position (see Fig 25.1).365 Similar to other tetracyclines, eravacycline and omadacycline inhibit bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit.\
\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosing\
\
Eravacycline recommended dosing is 1 mg/kg by IV infusion over 60 minutes every 12 hours. No dose adjustment is required in patients Page 344with renal impairment. In patients with severe hepatic impairment (Child Pugh C), the dose should be reduced starting on day 2 to 1 mg/kg every 24 hours. With concomitant use of a strong CYP3A inducer, the dose should be increased to 1.5 mg/kg every 12 hours.361 Eravacycline dosed by actual body weight in obese patients (body mass index \uc0\u8805  30 kg/m2) has been shown to have therapeutic utility with an acceptable safety profile.366\
\
Omadacycline recommended dosing for ABSSSI and CABP is 200 mg by IV infusion over 60 minutes on day 1 (given once or divided into two 100-mg doses), followed by 100 mg IV daily or 300 mg orally daily. For ABSSSI treatment, loading doses can be done with 450 mg orally once daily on days 1 and 2, followed by 300 mg orally daily. No dose adjustment is recommended in patients with renal or hepatic impairment.362\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Based on a study of healthy males, the oral bioavailability of eravacycline is estimated to be 28% (range, 26%\'9632%) with a median time to maximum plasma concentration (tmax) value of 2 to 2.5 hours and maximum plasma concentration (Cmax) of 0.23 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 200-mg dose.367 The half-life after a single dose and multiple doses is 22 and 34 hours, respectively.364 However, development of an oral dose formulation for oral eravacycline has been discontinued.\
\
Omadacycline has an estimated bioavailability of 34.5% with a Cmax of 0.31 \'b1 0.04 mg/L after a 300-mg dose.368 The half-life is approximately 17.6 \'b1 1.45 hours.369\
\
Drug Distribution\
Eravacycline has a volume of distribution at steady state (Vss) of 3.3 to 4.2 L/kg and is 79% to 90% protein-bound.364 In a phase 1 study of healthy volunteers, the mean Cmax of eravacycline dosed 1 mg/kg every 12 hours for 7 doses was 1.29 \'b1 0.4 mg/L.370 The total AUC0-12h in plasma was 4.56 \'b1 0.94 mg\'b7h/L with an estimated free AUC0-12h value of 0.77 \'b1 0.14 mg\'b7h/L. The AUC0-12h in epithelial lining fluid (ELF) and alveolar macrophages was 4.93 mg\'b7h/L and 39.53 mg\'b7h/L, respectively, with an estimated penetration ratio to free plasma of 6.44 and 51.63.\
\
The Vss of omadacycline in healthy human subjects is 190 to 204 L.371,372 After the administration of 100 mg IV omadacycline, the Cmax is 1.92 to 2.12 mg/L.371,372 The protein binding in human plasma is 21.3%, which is lower than other tetracyclines.373 Omadacycline has good intrapulmonary penetration. The AUC24h values in ELF and alveolar cells in healthy human subjects were 17.2 mg\'b7h/L and 302.5 mg\'b7h/L, giving the AUC24h ratios relative to the free AUC24h in plasma of 1.47 and 25.8, respectively.371 These intrapulmonary concentrations were higher than healthy subjects treated with tigecycline.\
\
Drug Elimination\
After a single 60-mg IV dose of radiolabeled eravacycline, 47.8% of the dose was recovered in feces while renal excretion accounted for about 34% of the dose.374\
\
Elimination of omadacycline after a single 300-mg dose was found to be primarily fecal (81.1%) and less urinary excretion (14.4%).369\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Both eravacycline and omadacycline have very broad in\'a0vitro activity against gram-positive, gram-negative, and anaerobic organisms, including multidrug-resistant organisms. Eravacycline is two- to fourfold more active than tigecycline against most aerobic gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, whereas omadacycline generally has comparable MIC values to tigecycline but lower MIC values than tetracycline.364,365 For reference to MIC cutoff values for various clinically relevant species, see Table 25.5.\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Eravacycline retains potent activity against staphylococci, enterococci, and streptococci regardless of concurrent resistance phenotypes.375-377 For S. aureus, eravacycline activity is independent of methicillin resistance, macrolide resistance, fluoroquinolone resistance, daptomycin nonsusceptibility, linezolid resistance, or the expression of Panton-Valentine leucocidin.375 Similarly, eravacycline remains highly active against both E. faecalis and E. faecium independent of vancomycin resistance, linezolid resistance, and daptomycin nonsusceptibility. Eravacycline is also highly active against all streptococci, including S. pneumoniae expressing penicillin and/or macrolide resistance, as well as tetracycline resistance.375\
\
Omadacycline also demonstrates broad in\'a0vitro activity against clinically relevant gram-positive bacteria, including S. aureus, E. faecalis, E. faecium, S. pneumoniae, and \uc0\u946 -hemolytic streptococci, carrying ribosomal protection [tet(M), tet(O), and tet(S)] and efflux [tet(K) and tet(L)] resistance genes.378 Activity is retained against key resistant phenotypes, including MRSA, tetracycline-resistant S. aureus, methicillin-resistant CoNS, vancomycin-resistant E. faecium, penicillin-resistant S. pneumoniae, and macrolide-resistant S. pneumoniae.378,379\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Eravacycline has broad gram-negative activity that is minimally affected by gram-negative tetracycline-specific resistance mechanisms.380 In a study of >2000 pathogens isolated from 13 Canadian hospitals, eravacycline displayed potency greater than or equal to tigecycline for each of the 9 Enterobacterales species tested (E. coli, K. pneumoniae, K. oxytoca, Enterobacter cloacae, Serratia marcescens, M. morganii, and Citrobacter freundii).376 MIC values were one doubling-dilution lower for ESBL-nonproducing isolates compared with ESBL-producing isolates of E. coli. In another study of 445 isolates of E. coli, eravacycline demonstrated an MIC90 of \uc0\u8804 0.5 \u956 g/mL, of which 127 (29%) isolates were intermediately resistant or resistant to third-generation cephalosporins, including isolates producing one or more ESBLs or cabapenemases.375 The drug exhibited similar potency against fluoroquinolone-resistant, aminoglycoside-resistant, tetracycline-resistant, and multidrug-resistant isolates. Eravacycline exhibits activity against some non\'96lactose-fermenting gram-negative bacteria such as S. maltophilia and A. baumannii, but does not have appreciable activity against P. aeruginosa or Burkholderia cenocepacia.375,376\
\
Omadacycline has activity against most Enterobacterales with the exception of P. mirabilis and indole-positive Proteus spp.379 It is somewhat less potent against ESBL-producing E. coli and K. pneumoniae compared with ESBL-nonproducing strains. Omadacycline has excellent activity against H. influenzae (regardless of \uc0\u946 -lactamase production) and M. catarrhalis. Similar to eravacycline, though less potent, omadacycline has activity against A. baumannii and S. maltophilia, but not P. aeruginosa.379\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
In a study of 292 anaerobic pathogens, eravacycline displayed excellent in\'a0vitro activity.375 Eravacycline is more potent against B. fragilis than non-fragilis Bacteroides, and displays activity against other gram-negative anaerobes like Porphyromonas asaccharolytica and Prevotella spp. Eravacycline also has low MIC90 values against gram-positive anaerobes such as C. difficile, Peptostreptococcus spp., Actinomyces spp., Anaerococcus spp., Bifidobacterium spp., Eggerthella spp., Finegoldia magna, Lactobacillus spp., Peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus, and Cutibacterium (Propionibacterium) acnes.375\
\
Omadacycline also has in\'a0vitro activity against many clinically relevant anaerobic bacteria. In a study of 186 isolates, omadacycline activity was found to be similar to that of tigecycline, with MIC90 values of 1 to 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL against Bacteroides spp.; 0.5 \u956 g/mL against C. difficile, Prevotella spp., and P. asaccharolytica; 1 \u956 g/mL against Peptostreptococcus spp.; and 16 \u956 g/mL against Clostridium perfringens.381\
\
Atypical Bacteria\
Eravacycline was found to have MIC50/90 values of 1/2 \uc0\u956 g/mL against Legionella pneumophilia with a range of 0.016 to 2 \u956 g/mL.375 In a study of 134 isolates of M. genitalium, M. hominis, M. pneumoniae, Ureaplasma parvum, and U. urealyticum, eravacycline MICs were \u8804  0.25 \u956 g/mL for most isolates.382 Eravacycline was more potent than all comparator agents (tetracycline, azithromycin, moxifloxacin, and clindamycin).\
\
Omadacycline is also active against atypical bacteria. In a study of 100 isolates of L. pneumophila, omadacycline demonstrated relative intracellular penetrance comparable to other antibiotics used for CABP treatment.383 Omadacycline is active against M. pneumoniae, M. Page 345hominis, and Ureaplasma spp. regardless of macrolide, tetracycline, or fluoroquinolone resistance.384 Omadacycline also has activity against C. pneumoniae comparable to doxycycline, azithromycin, moxifloxacin, and levofloxacin.385\
\
TABLE 25.5\
\
Overview of the MIC50 and MIC90 Ranges for Various Species That Are Clinically Relevant for Eravacycline and Omadacycline Use\
Eravacycline	Omadacycline\
MIC50 (\uc0\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	RANGE (\u956 g/mL)	MIC50 (\u956 g/mL)	MIC90 (\u956 g/mL)	RANGE (\u956 g/mL)\
Gram-Positive Aerobic Bacteria\
Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-susceptible	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5	0.12	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'962\
S. aureus, methicillin-resistant	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'964	0.12	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'968\
Staphylococcus epidermidis	0.06	0.25	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5	0.06	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'960.5\
Coagulase-negative Staphylococci (all)				0.12	1	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'962\
Enterococcus faecalis	0.06	0.06	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.12	0.12	0.25	\u8804 0.015\'964\
Enterococcus faecium, vancomycin-susceptible	0.06	0.06	0.03\'960.5	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'961\
E. faecium, vancomycin-resistant	0.06	0.06	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.25	0.12	0.5	\u8804 0.015\'968\
Streptococcus pyogenes	0.03	0.03	\uc0\u8804 0.004\'960.12	0.06	0.12	\u8804 0.015\'960.5\
Streptococcus agalactiae	0.03	0.03	0.008\'960.06	0.06	0.12	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5\
Streptococcus pneumoniae (all)	0.015	0.015	\uc0\u8804 0.004\'960.03	0.06	.012	\u8804 0.015\'961\
Streptococcus pneumoniae, penicillin-resistant	0.008	0.015	\uc0\u8804 0.008\'960.03	0.06	0.12	\u8804 0.015\'961\
Gram-Negative Aerobic Bacteria\
Acinetobacter baumannii	0.5	1	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'968	2	8	0.06 to >32\
Citrobacter spp.				1	4	0.25 to >32\
Citrobacter freundii	0.25	0.5	0.06\'962	1	4	0.5\'9616\
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes	0.25	1	0.12\'962			\
Enterobacter cloacae	0.5	1	0.06\'968	2	4	0.25 to >32\
Enterobacter spp. (noncloacae)				2	4	0.06 to >32\
Escherichia coli (all)	0.25	0.5	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'964	0.5	2	0.12\'9632\
Escherichia coli ESBL+	0.25	0.5	0.03\'962	1	4	0.12 to >32\
Haemophilus influenza	0.12	0.25	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.5	1	1	0.12\'9616\
Klebsiella oxytoca	0.25	1	0.03\'962	1	4	0.25\'9632\
Klebsiella pneumoniae (all)	0.5	1	0.03\'9616	2	8	0.12 to >32\
Klebsiella pneumoniae ESBL+	0.5	1	0.13\'968	2	8	0.25 to >32\
Klebsiella pneumoniae CARB\'96I/R	0.5	2	0.13\'9616			\
Moraxella catarrhalis	0.03	0.06	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'960.6	0.12	0.25	0.06\'961\
Morganella morganii	1	2	0.5\'964			\
Neisseria gonorrhoeae	0.13	0.25	0.06\'960.5	2	4	0.25\'964\
Proteus mirabilis (all)	1	2	0.25\'9616	16	>32	1 to >32\
Proteus mirabilis\
CARB-I/R\
1	4	0.25\'9616			\
Pseudomonas aeruginosa	8	16	0.06\'9664	32	128	1\'96128\
Salmonella spp.	0.25	0.25	0.12\'960.5	2	4	0.12\'9616\
Serratia marcescens	1	2	0.25\'968	4	8	0.5 to >32\
Stenotrophomonas maltophilia	0.5	1	\uc0\u8804 0.015\'968	2	8	0.25 to >32\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Bacteroides fragilis	0.25	2	0.06\'962	0.5	4	0.25\'9616\
Bacteroides ovatus	0.5	4	0.015\'968	0.5	8	0.06 to >16\
Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron	0.5	1	0.12\'964	1	4	0.12\'9616\
Clostridioides difficile	0.06	0.12	0.03\'960.25	0.25	0.5	0.12\'968\
Clostridium perfringens	0.5	1	0.06\'964	4	16	0.12\'9616\
Fusobacterium spp.	0.12	0.25	0.03\'960.25	0.25	0.25	0.25\'961\
Peptostreptococcus spp.	0.06	0.25	0.015\'960.5	0.12	1	0.06\'962\
CARB-I/R, Carbapenem intermediate or resistant isolates; ESBL, extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase; MIC, minimal inhibitory concentration.\
\
Modified from Zhanel GG, et\'a0al. Review of eravacycline, a novel fluorocycline antibacterial agent. Drugs. 2016;76(5):567\'96588; and Zhanel GG, et\'a0al. Omadacycline: a novel oral and intravenous aminomethylcycline antibiotic agent. Drugs. 2020;80(3):285\'96313.\
\
Mycobacteria\
In a study of 60 isolates of rapidly growing mycobacteria (RGM), of which 
\f1 \uc0\u8764 
\f0 70% were tetracycline resistant, eravacycline was active against all species tested with MIC50 ranges of \uc0\u8804 0.015 to 0.5 and \u8804 0.015 to 0.12 \u956 g/mL for 100% and 80% inhibition, respectively.386 RGM isolates included in this study were M. abscessus subsp. abscessus, M. abscessus subsp. massiliense, M. chelonae, M. immunogenum, M. fortuitum group, and M. mucogenicum group. Eravacycline displayed higher MICs against 50 slowly growing mycobacteria (SGM) species isolates, including 16 M. avium complex (MAC) isolates. The eravacycline MICs were higher (MIC range >8 \u956 g/mL), except for M. kansasii and M. marinum (MIC50 values of 1 \u956 g/mL).386Page 346\
\
In a similar study, omadacycline was tested against 111 isolates of nontuberculous mycobacteria, including 70 isolates of RGM of which >90% were tetracycline resistant.387 Omadacycline was active against all RGM species tested (M. abscessus subsp. abscessus, M. abscessus subsp. massiliense, M. chelonae, M. immunogenum, M. fortuitum group, and M. mucogenicum group), with MIC50 ranges of 0.004 to 0.25 and 0.06 to 1 \uc0\u956 g/mL for 80% and 100% inhibition, respectively. Against SGM, including MAC, omadacycline MICs were higher (MIC range, 8 to >16 \u956 g/mL; n = 41).387\
\
Clinical Uses\
General\
\
Eravacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of adults with cIAIs, whereas omadacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of ABSSSI and CABP in adults. Both agents have drawn interest in off-label usages because of their extended spectrum of activity.\
\
Respiratory Tract Infections\
Omadacycline is FDA approved for CABP in adults based on the results of a phase III double-blind randomized controlled trial,388 in which patients with a pneumonia severity index risk class of II, III, or IV were randomized to either omadacycline (100 mg IV every 12 hours for two doses, then 100 mg IV every 24 hours) or moxifloxacin (400 mg IV every 24 hours) with an optional oral transition (omadacycline 300 mg every 24 hours or moxifloxacin 400 mg every 24 hours) after 3 days of IV treatment. Omadacycline was noninferior to moxifloxacin for early clinical response (ECR) at days 3 to 5 (81.1% and 82.7%, respectively), and the rates of investigator-assessed clinical response at the posttreatment evaluation (PTE) 5 to 10 days after the last drug dose were 87.6% and 85.1%, respectively. Gastrointestinal events were common in both groups (10.2% and 18%, respectively). All eight patients that developed C. difficile were among the moxifloxacin group. The mortality rate was 2.1% in the omadacycline group compared with 1% in the moxifloxacin group. All deaths occurred in patients > 65 years of age, and the cause of mortality imbalance was not established.\
\
Although eravacycline has not been FDA approved for any respiratory tract infection, it has been used and studied retrospectively. In an observational, retrospective cohort study of 93 patients with difficult-to-treat A. baumannii pneumonia, patients receiving eravacycline were compared with those receiving best available therapy.389 Eravacycline failed to show improved outcomes over best previously available therapy, and was associated with higher 30-day mortality (33% vs. 15%; P = .048), lower microbiologic cure (17% vs. 59%; P = .004), and longer durations of mechanical ventilation (10.5 vs. 6.5 days; P = .016). These findings may have been driven by significantly more patients with A. baumannii bacteremia and coinfection with SARS-CoV-2 at baseline in the group that received eravacycline. All 4 patients with bacteremia that received eravacycline died by day 30, which raises concern for the utility of eravacycline for treatment of bloodstream infections. Other smaller data sets without comparator groups have found clinical success using eravacycline for pneumonia.390-392\
\
Skin and Skin Structure Infections\
Omadacycline is FDA approved for ABSSSI based on two phase III double-blind randomized controlled trials comparing omadacycline to linezolid.393,394 The first one enrolled a global population and randomized patients to receive omadacycline (100 mg IV every 12 hours for two doses, then 100 mg IV every 24 hours) or linezolid (600 mg IV every 12 hours) with an option to transition to oral therapy (omadacycline 300 mg every 24 hours or linezolid 600 mg every 12 hours) after 3 days. The second trial was conducted in the US and randomized patients to receive either oral omadacycline (450 mg every 24 hours over the first 48 hours then 300 mg every 24 hours) or oral linezolid (600 mg every 12 hours). In both studies, omadacycline was noninferior to linezolid with a similar safety profile. In an integrated analysis of the two studies, omadacycline was noninferior to linezolid using the FDA primary endpoint of ECR at 48 to 72 hours (86.2% vs. 83.9%%, respectively) and using the European Medicines Agency primary endpoint of investigator-assessed clinical response at the PTE in the modified intent-to-treat population (85.1% vs. 82.1%, respectively).395 The most common treatment-emergent adverse event in the omadacycline group was nausea (21.9% compared with 8.7% getting linezolid) and vomiting (11.4% compared with 3.9% getting linezolid). The higher rates of nausea and vomiting were associated with the oral 450-mg loading dose during the first 2 days of the second trial.\
\
Published efficacy of eravacycline for skin and skin structure infections is limited to successful reports from small, retrospective case series without comparator groups.390-392\
\
Intraabdominal Infections\
Eravacycline is FDA approved for the treatment of cIAIs based on the results of two phase III randomized controlled clinical trials. In the first trial, hospitalized patients with cIAIs requiring surgical or percutaneous intervention were randomized to receive either eravacycline 1 mg/kg every 12 hours or ertapenem 1 g every 24 hours for a minimum of 4 days.396 For the microbiological intent-to-treat population, the rates of clinical cure were 86.8% in the eravacycline group and 87.6% in the ertapenem group, meeting the prespecified noninferiority margin. Both drugs were well tolerated. In the second trial, hospitalized patients were randomized to either eravacycline 1 mg/kg every 12 hours or meropenem 1 g every 8 hours IV for 4 to 14 days.397 Eravacycline was found to be noninferior to meropenem for the primary endpoint of clinical cure after 25 to 31 days from start of therapy (90.8% vs. 92.1%, respectively). Clinical cure rates were also similar in the subset of 29 patients with ESBL-producing Enterobacterales for eravacycline compared with meropenem (87.5% vs. 84.6%, respectively). Adverse event rates for eravacycline were low (<5%) and mainly gastrointestinal in nature.\
\
Other Uses\
In two separate phase III clinical trials for the treatment of cUTIs, eravacycline (given IV before eligibility for an oral transition) did not achieve noninferiority to comparator agents (levofloxacin and ertapenem).398,399 As a result of these trials, eravacycline includes a limitation of use in its package insert that it is not indicated for the treatment of cUTIs.361\
\
Omadacycline was evaluated in a post-hoc analysis of 63 patients with secondary bacteremia enrolled in the three phase III clinical trials of ABSSSI and CABP.400 The clinical success at ECR of omadacycline versus comparator agents was 64.3% (18/28) and 85.7% (30/35), respectively, and the clinical success at PTE of omadacycline versus comparator agents was 75% (21/28) and 82.9% (29/35), respectively.\
\
In a case series of omadacycline use in multidrug-resistant and extensively drug-resistant gram-negative infections, clinical success occurred in 6/9 (66.7%) cases.401 The majority of infections were bone/joint (clinical success in 4/5) and the most commonly isolated pathogen was carbapenem-resistant A. baumannii (clinical success in 4/5). Omadacycline may also have a role for the treatment of M. abscessus based on a few small cases series.402,403\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Similar to tigecycline, both eravacycline and omadacycline were designed to overcome common mechanisms of tetracycline resistance such as efflux pumps and RPPs. In a study of E. coli cells expressing recombinant tetracycline resistance genes, the MIC values of eravacycline were minimally affected by common efflux pump (tet(A), tet(B), tet(K)) and RPP (tet(M)) tetracycline resistance genes.380 The expression of adeB efflux gene in A. baumannii correlates with eravacycline MICs.404 Omadacycline is also minimally affected by efflux pumps and RPPs, but may be impacted by drug degradation and 16S rRNA mutations that decrease the affinity of the drug to the ribosome.405,406\
\
Adverse Reactions\
Based on phase III clinical trial data, the most common side effects of eravacycline were infusion site reactions (7.7%), nausea (6.5%) and vomiting (3.7%).396,397 Other adverse reactions reported in 1% to 3% of patients were diarrhea, hypotension, and wound dehiscence. Both eravacycline and comparator groups had 2% of patients discontinue treatment because of adverse events. For eravacycline, this was most commonly due to gastrointestinal disorders.Page 347\
\
Similarly, the most common adverse reactions of omadacycline seen in phase III clinical trials were also gastrointestinal in nature. Nausea occurred more frequently when omadacycline was given as an oral loading dose (30%) compared with IV-to-oral switch trials (2.4%\'9612%).388,393,394 Vomiting also was more frequent with an oral loading dose (17%) compared with IV-to-oral switch (2.6%\'965%). Other adverse events that occurred in 2% to 5% of patients included infusion site reactions, elevated alanine and aspartate aminotransferases, elevated gamma-glutamyl transferase, hypertension, headache, diarrhea, insomnia, and constipation. Omadacycline and comparator agents had similar rates of serious adverse reactions (3.6% vs. 3.6%, respectively) and discontinuation because of adverse reactions (3.1% vs. 3.4%, respectively). In the clinical trial for CABP, 8 deaths (2%) occurred in the group that received omadacycline compared with 4 deaths (1%) in the group that received moxifloxacin.388 All 12 deaths occurred in patients over 65 years of age with various causes including progression of underlying pneumonia or respiratory compromise, HAP, cardiac or vascular events, and cancer. The cause of mortality imbalance has not been established, and it is recommended that those at higher risk for mortality be closely monitored. The FDA has required a postmarketing study from the pharmaceutical manufacturer and added a package insert warning for the mortality imbalance.362 In the two phase III clinical trials for ABSSSI, 1 death (0.1%) was reported in the groups that received omadacycline compared with 3 deaths (0.4%) in the groups that received linezolid. No death was determined to be related to the study treatment.393,394\
\
Breastfeeding is not recommended while on either agent. Both drugs carry warning labels for permanent tooth discoloration and enamel hypoplasia, and reversible inhibition of bone growth if used during the second and third trimesters of pregnancy and during childhood up to age 8.361,362\
\
Drug and Food Interactions\
Concomitant administration with rifampin reduces total eravacycline exposure by approximately 25% to 35% and increases clearance by approximately 50%.374 Thus, the dose of eravacycline should be increased to 1.5 mg/kg every 12 hours when coadministered with a strong CYP3A inducer, such as rifampin or phenytoin.\
\
In a phase 1 study, omadacycline bioavailability was reduced by 15% to 17% by a nondairy meal 4 hours before dosing, 40% to 42% by a nondairy meal 2 hours before dosing, and 59% to 63% for a dairy meal 2 hours before dosing.407 Similar to other tetracyclines, omadacycline absorption is impaired by antacids containing aluminum, calcium, or magnesium; bismuth subsalicylate; and iron-containing preparations. Thus, it is recommended that oral dosing be given with water after fasting for at least 4 hours, and to avoid food or drink (except water) for 2 hours and dairy products, antacids, or multivitamins for 4 hours after dosing.362 Omadacycline is unlikely to be affected by other drugs that inhibit or induce enzymatic and/or transport pathways.369\
\
Both drugs have similar label warnings for patients who are on anticoagulant therapy that they may require downward adjustments of anticoagulant dosing while on these agents.\
\
Chloramphenicol\
Chloramphenicol is a broad-spectrum antibiotic that has been in clinical use since 1949. It was developed from the soil organism Streptomyces venezuelae.408 It remains an inexpensive drug that is active against many gram-positive, gram-negative, anaerobic, and atypical organisms. Because of the risk of aplastic anemia, chloramphenicol is no longer the drug of choice for any specific infection.409,410 Its use in the high-income countries of the world is limited to life-threatening infections without safer alternatives. However, it is still commonly used in many low- and medium-income countries (LMICs).\
\
Structure and Mechanism of Action\
The structure of chloramphenicol is shown in Fig. 25.2. It has a paranitrobenzene ring attached to a propanediol group with a dichloracetamide side chain.\
\
Chloramphenicol inhibits protein synthesis by reversibly binding to the peptidyl transferase cavity of the 50S subunit of the bacterial 70S ribosome. This prevents the aminoacyl-tRNA from binding to the ribosome, thus terminating polypeptide chain synthesis.411,412 Once chloramphenicol is removed, protein synthesis is able to resume if drug exposure was brief enough.413 This mechanism results in bacteriostatic activity against most organisms. However, chloramphenicol is bactericidal at clinically achievable concentrations against some meningeal organisms such as S. pneumoniae, N. meningitidis, and H. influenzae.414 It has been postulated that the dose-related bone marrow suppression of chloramphenicol is caused by its inhibition of protein synthesis in mammalian mitochondria, which contain 70S ribosomes.415\
\
\
FIG. 25.2\'a0Chemical structure of chloramphenicol.\
Follow for extended description\
Pharmacology\
Administration and Dosage\
\
Chloramphenicol is available in multiple formulations. Oral preparations are 250-mg capsules and a 150-mg/mL palmitate solution. In the United States, oral preparations have not been manufactured since 1991. IV preparations come in 1-g vials of sodium succinate powder for reconstitution. Infusions in adults are generally administered over a period of 30 minutes. There is an otic topical formulation that is a 0.5% otic solution, which is not available in the United States. There are a few different ophthalmic preparations: 0.5% solution, 1% ointment, and 25 mg/vial powder for ophthalmic solution. Only the ointment is available in the United States.\
\
The recommended dose for newborn infants younger than 2 weeks old is 25 mg/kg/day divided in 6-hour intervals. Full-term infants older than 2 weeks can receive 50 mg/kg/day divided in 6-hour intervals. In older children and adults, the dose is 50 mg/kg/day divided in 6-hour intervals. For severe infections, such as meningitis, doses up to 100 mg/kg/day in 6-hour intervals may be used. The maximum daily intake should not exceed 4 g total.410 Routine monitoring of serum concentrations should be performed, particularly in newborns and those with hepatic dysfunction. Peak serum levels between 15 and 25 mg/L have been suggested for children.416,417 Others have suggested 10 to 20 mg/L and that levels higher than 25 mg/L are associated with toxicity.418 If the white blood cell count decreases below 2500/\uc0\u956 L, discontinuation of the drug should strongly be considered.\
\
In patients with impaired renal function, usual doses may be administered because active chloramphenicol does not accumulate in the serum.13 Inactive chloramphenicol metabolites do accumulate in the serum, but this has not been associated with toxicity.419 Increased clearance of chloramphenicol occurs during dialysis, but this may be important only in patients with hepatic dysfunction. It is recommended that the normal maintenance dose of the drug be administered after dialysis to avoid the possibility of increased clearance.420 Peritoneal dialysis does not alter the half-life of active chloramphenicol; thus the dose does not need adjustment.421 Limited data exist for dosing during continuous renal replacement therapy.\
\
Total body clearance of chloramphenicol is reduced in patients with liver dysfunction because the drug is metabolized by the liver.422 Serum levels should be monitored closely.\
\
Absorption and Bioavailability\
Oral chloramphenicol capsules are approximately 80% bioavailable as they are rapidly absorbed from the intestinal tract. Serum levels with the oral palmitate solution are lower than with the capsule form. The palmitate ester is biologically inactive and is absorbed after being hydrolyzed by pancreatic lipases in the upper intestinal tract to free chloramphenicol. Even so, the oral palmitate ester can achieve higher serum levels as compared with the IV succinate form.419 The Page 348rate of hydrolysis of the succinate by hepatic enzymes determines the concentration of active chloramphenicol, which is why oral preparations can be more bioavailable. Approximately 44% to 60% of the drug is bound to protein in the serum.422 After a 1-g dose in adults, peak serum levels occur after 2 hours, with levels of 10 to 13 mg/L.423 The half-life is 1.6 to 3.3 hours, and therapeutic levels may persist 6 to 8 hours after administration.424\
\
Chloramphenicol succinate given intravenously has a wide variability of half-lives in infants. In adults, the serum half-life is approximately 1.2 hours, with an elimination half-life of approximately 4 hours.419 Intramuscular injection is not recommended owing to variable hydrolysis and/or delayed absorption, leading to unpredictable serum concentrations.425\
\
Drug Distribution\
Chloramphenicol is highly lipid soluble and has excellent penetration into many body tissues, penetrates well into pleural and ascitic fluids, and also crosses the placenta and can be found in breast milk. It does not usually achieve adequate concentrations in the bile.410 In bacterial peritonitis, drug levels in ascitic fluid can exceed half of the serum concentration.426 Chloramphenicol is also able to achieve high levels in synovial fluid.427 Even without inflamed meninges, chloramphenicol readily crosses the blood-brain barrier. CSF concentration may be 50% or more of the serum concentration, a higher proportion than with any other antibiotic.428 Also, unlike most antibiotics, chloramphenicol can penetrate well into many parts of the eye.429 It has also been shown to be concentrated in alveolar macrophages and polymorphonuclear leukocytes.430\
\
Drug Elimination\
Chloramphenicol is primarily metabolized by the liver, where it undergoes conjugation with glucuronic acid. The major metabolite is the inactive chloramphenicol glucuronide. This, along with other minor metabolites, is then eliminated through the urine (accounting for about 75%\'9690% of drug elimination). About 5% to 15% of the unchanged, active drug is eliminated through glomerular filtration. Less than 3% is eliminated through bile. Less than 1% is eliminated in feces.424\
\
Antimicrobial Activity\
Chloramphenicol has a broad spectrum of activity against many gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, anaerobes, rickettsiae, chlamydiae, and mycoplasmas. As stated previously, chloramphenicol is generally bacteriostatic but may be bactericidal against meningeal organisms, especially at higher concentrations. For most organisms, susceptibility is defined as having an MIC value of 8 \uc0\u956 g/mL or less. Exceptions are S. pneumoniae (\u8804 4 \u956 g/mL) and H. influenzae (\u8804 2 \u956 g/mL).431\
\
Gram-Positive Bacteria\
Chloramphenicol has in\'a0vitro activity against streptococci, staphylococci, and enterococci. Resistance varies in many different geographic regions. In surveillance studies from the late 1990s, S. pneumoniae had higher rates of resistance in the Western Pacific Region and South Africa (17.1%), compared with Europe (12.7%), the United States (10.6%), Canada (4.5%), and Latin America (4.3%).432,433 Chloramphenicol resistance rates are typically higher among penicillin-intermediate and penicillin-resistant strains.\
\
In a North American surveillance study, chloramphenicol had activity against 81.6% of all S. aureus isolates tested.434 Another North American study also reported high susceptibility rates to both MSSA (96%) and MRSA (81%) strains.435 Chloramphenicol has also been demonstrated to have activity against vancomycin-intermediate and vancomycin-resistant strains.436,437\
\
Against Enterococcus spp., chloramphenicol susceptibility rates in North America have been shown to be 87%.438 In another study of 886 VRE isolates, investigators reported that 28.6% of 56 E. faecalis isolates from North America were chloramphenicol resistant, compared with 7.1% of 14 isolates from Europe. This was in contrast to E. faecium isolates. In North America, 0.5% of 776 isolates were resistant, compared with 15% of 40 isolates from Europe, the latter a result of clonal occurrences.439\
\
Certain gram-positive bacilli are susceptible to chloramphenicol. Corynebacterium diphtheriae, L. monocytogenes, and B. anthracis are almost always susceptible, whereas Corynebacterium jeikeium and Nocardia spp. are usually resistant.410,440,441\
\
Gram-Negative Bacteria\
Chloramphenicol has variable activity against gram-negative organisms. It is highly active against community-acquired organisms, such as H. influenzae and M. catarrhalis.432\'a0N. meningitidis and N. gonorrhoeae are also both highly susceptible.442,443\
\
Activity against E. coli is variable worldwide. A surveillance study demonstrated a wide range of chloramphenicol-resistant isolates, from 8% in Cura\'e7ao to 82% in Ghana.444 Another study in the United Kingdom showed that rates of resistance declined from 20.2% in 1991 to 7.9% in 2004.445 Chloramphenicol is generally active against some other members of the Enterobacterales, such as P. mirabilis, Salmonella spp., Shigella spp., and Yersinia spp., whereas others, such as Klebsiella spp., Serratia spp., Morganella spp., and Enterobacter spp., are usually more resistant.446-449 Before the development of resistance, chloramphenicol was one of the mainstays for treating typhoid fever.\
\
P. aeruginosa is generally resistant to chloramphenicol by means of an active efflux pump.450\'a0Acinetobacter spp. are also generally resistant, whereas S. maltophilia is usually susceptible.451,452 Chloramphenicol has activity against B. pseudomallei, whereas B. cepacia is usually resistant owing to decreased drug permeability.453,454\
\
Anaerobic Bacteria\
Most gram-positive and gram-negative anaerobic bacteria are susceptible to chloramphenicol. Anaerobic gram-positive cocci, such as Peptostreptococcus spp., are all susceptible at achievable concentrations. Anaerobic gram-positive bacilli, such as Clostridium, Lactobacillus, and Propionibacterium spp., are also readily susceptible.455 However, resistant strains of Clostridium perfringens and C. difficile have been isolated.456,457 Against gram-negative anaerobic bacteria, chloramphenicol is one of the most active antimicrobial agents. Bacteroides spp., Fusobacterium spp., and Prevotella spp. are all highly susceptible.455 A US study of 5225 B. fragilis group isolates demonstrated that every one was susceptible to chloramphenicol.458\
\
Other Organisms\
Chloramphenicol has activity against chlamydiae, mycoplasma, rickettsiae, T. pallidum, C. burnetii, and leptospirae.410,459-461 It is not active against mycobacteria and protozoa.\
\
Clinical Uses\
In the high-income countries of the world, chloramphenicol is generally reserved for serious infections with limited alternative antimicrobial choices because of its well-known toxicities. In the LMICs, it is still commonly used because it may be the only broad-spectrum agent available. It also has the advantage of an oral formulation and its low cost, and it is available without a prescription in many parts of the world.\
\
Bacterial Meningitis and Brain Abscess\
Chloramphenicol remains a useful drug for the treatment of bacterial meningitis in countries that do not have access to third-generation cephalosporins. The use of single-dose intramuscular injections of oily chloramphenicol has been suggested as a nationwide antibiotic of choice for meningitis epidemics.462 Conclusions from a meta-analysis determined that in circumstances in which ceftriaxone or cefotaxime is not available or affordable, an ampicillin-chloramphenicol combination may be used as an alternative because the two treatment groups did not have important clinical differences.463 In a Nigerian study of childhood bacterial meningitis, similar results were seen in children treated with chloramphenicol as compared with those given cephalosporins.464 Another study during a meningococcal meningitis epidemic in sub-Saharan Africa demonstrated that single-dose intramuscular ceftriaxone had clinical outcomes at 72 hours that were comparable to those of single-dose intramuscular oily chloramphenicol and was actually cheaper.465 Unfortunately, poor outcome was noted in areas with high rates of chloramphenicol-resistant H. influenzae type b. This Page 349was seen in children treated in Papua New Guinea, where resistance rates were 20%.466 Areas with penicillin-resistant pneumococcal meningitis also have poor outcomes. In one study in South Africa, 20 of 25 children with chloramphenicol-susceptible, penicillin-resistant strains had poor outcomes, including death.467\
\
Chloramphenicol had been used extensively for the treatment of brain abscesses until the availability of safer agents. It may still have a role in treating this infection, particularly in patients with severe penicillin allergies.468 A case report of a patient with a culture-negative brain abscess in whom multiple antibiotic regimens had failed had dramatic clinical and radiographic improvement after 7 days of chloramphenicol therapy.469\
\
Salmonella Infections\
Chloramphenicol was once the drug of choice for typhoid fever.470 It has been largely replaced by the more efficacious and safer fluoroquinolones and ceftriaxone.471-473 In areas previously burdened with chloramphenicol-resistant Salmonella Typhi, susceptible strains are reappearing.474 Usual treatment for typhoid fever is a 2-week course.475 Clinical failure rates are rather low (estimated 4.8%), but relapse rates approach 5.6%.476\
\
Treatment of acute Salmonella gastroenteritis with chloramphenicol is not indicated and usually prolongs fecal excretion after clinical recovery.477,478 There does not appear to be any benefit with antibiotics in general with mild disease. Infections due to Salmonella enterica serotype Choleraesuis and S. enterica serotype Typhimurium can be treated with chloramphenicol, but resistance rates as high as 83% have been reported.479 Third-generation cephalosporins seem to be the drug of choice.\
\
Other Infections\
There are various other potential uses of chloramphenicol. It may be the drug of choice in rickettsial infections, such as RMSF, in pregnant women, or in patients allergic to tetracyclines.480 Overall, it is inferior to the tetracyclines for the treatment of RMSF.481 It may be useful when it is clinically difficult to distinguish between RMSF and meningococcemia. Chloramphenicol is also effective therapy for Mediterranean spotted fever, tick typhus, epidemic louse-borne typhus, murine typhus, and scrub typhus.93\
\
Renewed interest was previously seen in chloramphenicol for treatment of serious VRE infections, including bacteremia.482,483 However, this enthusiasm has since subsided with the availability of newer agents, such as daptomycin, linezolid, quinupristin-dalfopristin, and tigecycline. Other serious infections may find roles for chloramphenicol, such as a case report of successful treatment in combination with ciprofloxacin for prosthetic valve endocarditis due to S. maltophilia.484\
\
Chloramphenicol has fallen out of favor as an inclusion in multidrug therapy for the maintenance treatment of melioidosis, caused by B. pseudomallei. In an open-label, randomized study looking at chloramphenicol, doxycycline, and TMP-SMX versus doxycycline and TMP-SMX, the latter group was just as effective and better tolerated than the traditional four-drug group.187\
\
Topical chloramphenicol can be used for treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis, and it has excellent intraorbital penetration.485 It was also found to be superior to topical povidone-iodine in preventing neonatal chlamydial conjunctivitis in a trachoma-endemic area of Mexico.486 However, two randomized trials have minimized the impact of early use of topical chloramphenicol. In one trial, 326 children with infective conjunctivitis (250 cases were bacterial) were randomized to chloramphenicol or placebo. There was no significant difference in clinical cure rates at day 7 or with further episodes of conjunctivitis. AEs were rare in both groups.487 Another trial of 307 patients with infective conjunctivitis compared early topical chloramphenicol, delayed treatment, and no treatment. Delaying antibiotics was found to reduce antibiotic use, resulted in similar duration and severity of symptoms as immediate prescribing, and reduced reattendance for eye infections.488\
\
Because of its activity against tularemia, plague, and anthrax, chloramphenicol has been suggested by the Working Group on Civilian Biodefense as an effective alternative agent in the setting of biologic warfare.489-491\
\
Mechanism of Resistance\
Resistance to chloramphenicol occurs by various mechanisms. The most common is by enzymatic acetylation and inactivation by chloramphenicol acetyltransferases (CATs).492 Most CAT genes are located on mobile genetic elements, can be distributed to other bacteria, and often confer resistance to other classes of antimicrobial drugs.493,494 The plasmid-mediated spread of these resistant genes was the cause of the global decrease in Salmonella Typhi susceptibility.495\
\
Other mechanisms of resistance occur by decreasing membrane permeability, which prevents uptake of chloramphenicol. Some gram-negative bacteria prevent drug penetration by a change in their outer membrane proteins.496 This was demonstrated to be plasmid-mediated in P. aeruginosa and chromosomally mediated in H. influenzae.497,498\
\
Transmembrane efflux pumps have also been shown to confer resistance to both gram-positive and gram-negative organisms.499,500 Last, alteration of a 50S ribosomal subunit was found to reduce chloramphenicol binding in Bacillus subtilis.501\
\
Adverse Reactions\
Hematologic Toxicity\
\
Bone Marrow Suppression\
\
The most significant toxic effect of chloramphenicol is its effect on the bone marrow. There are two types of adverse effects. The first is the more common reversible bone marrow suppression that is a direct pharmacologic effect of the antibiotic and results from inhibition of mitochondrial synthesis. It has been postulated that chloramphenicol does this by binding to the 70S ribosomes in mammalian mitochondria and by suppressing the activity of ferrochelatase. Ferrochelatase is an enzyme that normally catalyzes hemoglobin synthesis in the mitochondria of bone marrow erythroid cells.415 As a result, any combination of reticulocytopenia, anemia, leukopenia, or thrombocytopenia may occur. Serum iron levels may also increase in association with a reduced uptake of radioactive iron by the red blood cells, indicating diminished hemoglobin synthesis. Within the bone marrow, there is vacuolization of the erythroid and myeloid precursors. These findings are common, are dose related, and occur during therapy.502 They are more likely to occur in patients receiving at least 4 g/day or in patients with serum levels over 25 mg/L. The effect is reversible once chloramphenicol is discontinued.503\
\
Hemolytic anemia has also been described in patients with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency who have been treated with chloramphenicol.504\
\
Aplastic Anemia\
The other hematologic toxicity is the rare, but often fatal, aplastic anemia. This is the reason why chloramphenicol use has been widely replaced by other antibiotics. In a US epidemiologic study, aplastic anemia was estimated to occur in 1 in 24,500 to 1 in 40,800 courses of treatment. It was believed that fatal aplastic anemia appeared to be 13 times more frequent after the use of chloramphenicol than in the general population; and was also not related to dosage.505 Most cases occur after the completion of therapy, and only about 20% occur during active treatment.428 Mortality from aplastic anemia has been estimated to be higher than 50%.506\
\
The mechanism appears to be different from the previously described dose-related bone marrow suppression and is not completely understood. It is believed to occur as a result of the metabolism of chloramphenicol to toxic nitro derivatives, which subsequently damage hematopoietic stem cell DNA.507-509 Thiamphenicol, which has not been reported to cause aplastic anemia, does not have a p-NO2 group. There also appears to be a possible host factor. Aplastic anemia has been reported in identical twins, suggesting a genetic predisposition.510 A study involving mice demonstrated that mice given chloramphenicol after treatment with busulfan had a progressive decline in pluripotential stem cells compared with control mice. This suggests that aplastic anemia might occur in patients with unrecognized preexisting residual bone marrow damage, either genetic or acquired.511\
\
It was previously thought that only the oral administration of chloramphenicol was associated with aplastic anemia.512 This belief changed in the late 1970s after reports of aplastic anemia associated with parenteral administration started surfacing.513-516 Whether or not Page 350chloramphenicol eyedrops cause aplastic anemia has been a topic of debate. In a British study, estimates of serious hematologic toxicity were reported to be 3 in 442,543.517 Another study from Spain found that the risk of aplastic anemia could not be totally excluded but was less than 1 per million treatment courses.518 In a review of 426 cases of aplastic anemia, no patient was found to have used chloramphenicol eyedrops.519 \
Chloramphenicol as a cause of childhood leukemia has also been a concern, but reports have been conflicting. A Chinese population-based case-control interview study of 309 childhood leukemia cases and 618 age- and sex-matched control subjects showed a significant dose-response relationship between chloramphenicol and the risk for acute leukemia.520 However, another study from the same area failed to demonstrate a similar association.521 It is interesting to note that another study from the United States found that the odds ratio for total leukemia was decreased among patients who took chloramphenicol.522\
\
Gray Baby Syndrome\
Gray baby syndrome is a type of circulatory collapse that can occur in premature and newborn infants and is associated with excessively high serum levels of chloramphenicol.523 It is characterized by an ashen-gray color, abdominal distention, vomiting, flaccidity, cyanosis, circulatory collapse, and death. It usually starts 2 to 9 days after treatment is started. The syndrome is a result of chloramphenicol impairing myocardial contractility by directly interfering with myocardial tissue respiration and oxidative phosphorylation.524,525 It is believed to occur more often in neonates owing to their diminished ability to conjugate chloramphenicol and to excrete the active form in the urine. There have also been reports in small children and adults who have had accidental overdoses of the drug.526 The syndrome is generally associated with serum levels of chloramphenicol greater than 50 mg/L and may occur with unexplained metabolic acidosis.527 To accelerate drug removal, exchange transfusion and charcoal hemoperfusion have been used.528,529\
\
Optic Neuritis and Neurologic Side Effects\
Optic atrophy and blindness have been described in patients receiving prolonged chloramphenicol therapy.530 Symptoms typically tend to be reversible, although permanent vision loss may occur. Fundal changes may not necessarily be seen. Supplementation with B vitamins has been used for treatment.531 Other neurologic manifestations of chloramphenicol use include peripheral neuritis, headache, ophthalmoplegia, depression, and confusion.\
\
Other Reactions\
Gastrointestinal adverse reactions, including nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, glossitis, and stomatitis, may occur but are usually not a significant problem. Hypersensitivity reactions, including rashes, drug fever, and anaphylaxis, are rare. Jarisch-Herxheimer reactions have been observed during therapy for syphilis, brucellosis, and typhoid fever.410 With prolonged oral administration, chloramphenicol may induce bleeding. This may be a result of either bone marrow suppression or reduction in intestinal microbiota with consequential inhibition of vitamin K synthesis.532 Chloramphenicol has also been associated with acute porphyria attacks and should be avoided in patients with porphyria.533 If given during active immunization, chloramphenicol may interfere with the development of immunity.534\
\
Drug Interactions\
Significant interactions between chloramphenicol and other drugs are listed in Table 25.6. Particular attention needs to be paid to monitoring serum drug levels of chloramphenicol when other agents metabolized by the liver are used concurrently. Chloramphenicol inhibits the activity of several liver enzymes, including CYP2C9 and CYP3A4. Chloramphenicol may prolong the half-life of tolbutamide, chlorpropamide, phenytoin, cyclophosphamide, and warfarin.535 Concurrent administration of phenytoin and chloramphenicol may result in potentially toxic serum chloramphenicol levels.536 Rifampin and phenobarbital have been observed to increase the total body clearance of chloramphenicol, thus decreasing the serum concentration. This is thought to occur by the induction of hepatic microsomal enzymes, and serum concentrations should be monitored when these drugs are administered concurrently.537\
\
Chloramphenicol, which is primarily a bacteriostatic agent, may antagonize the bactericidal activity of certain penicillins, cephalosporins, fluoroquinolones, and aminoglycosides in\'a0vitro.538-540 The clinical significance may be minimal in most instances. However, caution should be implemented in the event of such combinations for infections requiring bactericidal activity for efficacy, such as meningitis. Chloramphenicol may also delay the response of various anemias to supplementation with iron, folic acid, and vitamin B12.535\
\
Acknowledgments\
The authors wish to thank Drs. Mirella Salvatore and Burt Meyers for the use of a figure and several tables from a previous edition of this chapter.Page 351\
\
\
Fig 25.1 The annotated diagram presents the chemical structures of tetracycline antibiotics across three generations, arranged from left to right beneath a directional arrow labeled first generation, second generation, and third generation. The first-generation compound, tetracycline, is shown on the far left with a four-ring linear core structure, hydroxyl and amino functional groups, and methyl substitutions. In the middle, second-generation tetracyclines include doxycycline and minocycline, both of which retain the core structure but feature modifications like hydroxyl group rearrangements and dimethylamino substitutions. On the right, third-generation tetracyclines\'97tigecycline, eravacycline, and omadacycline\'97show further structural advancements, including bulky side chains at the C 9 position, like t-butylglycylamido or fluorocycline moieties. All structures are labeled and drawn with stereochemical indicators and functional groups including ketones, alcohols, amines, and halogens.\
\
Fig 25.2\
\
The annotated diagram presents the chemical structures of tetracycline antibiotics across three generations, arranged from left to right beneath a directional arrow labeled first generation, second generation, and third generation. The first-generation compound, tetracycline, is shown on the far left with a four-ring linear core structure, hydroxyl and amino functional groups, and methyl substitutions. In the middle, second-generation tetracyclines include doxycycline and minocycline, both of which retain the core structure but feature modifications like hydroxyl group rearrangements and dimethylamino substitutions. On the right, third-generation tetracyclines\'97tigecycline, eravacycline, and omadacycline\'97show further structural advancements, including bulky side chains at the C 9 position, like t-butylglycylamido or fluorocycline moieties. All structures are labeled and drawn with stereochemical indicators and functional groups including ketones, alcohols, amines, and halogens.\
\
1. Duggar\'a0B.M.\'a0Aureomycin: a product of the continuing search for new antibiotics.\'a0Ann NY Acad Sci.\'a01948;51(2):177\'96181.\
2. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Tetracycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:843\'96850.\
3. Sabundayo\'a0B.P,\'a0Standiford\'a0H.C.\'a0Tetracyclines and analogues.\'a0In:\'a0Yu\'a0V.L,\'a0Edwards\'a0G,\'a0McKinnon\'a0P.S,\'a0Peolquin\'a0C,\'a0Morse\'a0G.D,\'a0eds.\'a0Antimicrobial Therapy and Vaccines, 2nd Edition. Vol II: Antimicrobial Agents.\'a02nd ed.\'a0Pittsburgh, PA:\'a0ESun Technologies LLC;\'a02005:461\'96476.\
4. Levy\'a0S.B,\'a0FitzGerald\'a0G.B,\'a0Macone\'a0A.B.\'a0Changes in intestinal flora of farm personnel after introduction of a tetracycline-supplemented feed on a farm.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01976;295(11):583\'96588.\
5. DuPont\'a0H,\'a0Steele\'a0J.H.\'a0Use of antimicrobial agents in animal feeds: implications for human health.\'a0Rev of Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(3):447\'96460.\
6. Thaker\'a0M,\'a0Spanogiannopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0The tetracycline resistome.\'a0Cell Mol Life Sci.\'a02010;67(3):419\'96431.\
7. Perks\'a0W.H,\'a0Walters\'a0E.H,\'a0Tams\'a0I.P,\'a0Prowse\'a0K.\'a0Demeclocycline in the treatment of the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone.\'a0Thorax.\'a01979;34(3):324\'96327.\
8. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Roberts\'a0M.\'a0Tetracycline antibiotics: mode of action, applications, molecular biology, and epidemiology of bacterial resistance.\'a0MMBR.\'a02001;65(2):232\'96260.\
9. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hacker\'a0K.\'a0Inhibition of K88-mediated adhesion of Escherichia coli to mammalian receptors by antibiotics that affect bacterial protein synthesis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01986;18(4):441\'96451.\
10. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Doxycycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:851\'96869.\
11. Dahl\'a0E.L,\'a0Shock\'a0J.L,\'a0Shenai\'a0B.R,\'a0Gut\'a0J,\'a0DeRisi\'a0J.L,\'a0Rosenthal\'a0P.J.\'a0Tetracyclines specifically target the apicoplast of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(9):3124\'963131.\
12. Ribush\'a0N,\'a0Morgan\'a0T.\'a0Tetracyclines and renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01972;1(2):53\'9655.\
13. Kunin\'a0C.M.\'a0A guide to use of antibiotics in patients with renal disease. A table of recommended doses and factors governing serum levels.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01967;67(1):151\'96158.\
14. Heaney\'a0D,\'a0Eknoyan\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline and doxycycline kinetics in chronic renal failure.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01978;24(2):233\'96239.\
15. Whelton\'a0A,\'a0Schach von Wittenau\'a0M,\'a0Twomey\'a0T.M,\'a0Walker\'a0W.G,\'a0Bianchine\'a0J.R.\'a0Doxycycline pharmacokinetics in the absence of renal function.\'a0Kidney Int.\'a01974;5(5):365\'96371.\
16. Thiim\'a0M,\'a0Friedman\'a0L.S.\'a0Hepatotoxicity of antibiotics and antifungals.\'a0Clinics in Liver Disease.\'a02003;7(2):381\'96399\'a0vi-vii.\
17. Horrevorts\'a0A,\'a0Pluim\'a0M.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:870\'96880.\
18. Carney\'a0S,\'a0Butcher\'a0R.A,\'a0Dawborn\'a0J.K,\'a0Pattison\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline excretion and distribution in relation to renal function in man.\'a0Clin Exp Pharmacol.\'a01974;1(4):299\'96308.\
19. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Shaw\'a0W.R,\'a0Uman\'a0S.J,\'a0Tse\'a0F.L,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of minocycline in renal failure.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;8(5):532\'96537.\
20. Bernard\'a0B,\'a0Yin\'a0E.J,\'a0Simon\'a0H.J.\'a0Clinical pharmacologic studies with minocycline.\'a0The J Clin Pharmacol.\'a01971;11(5):332\'96348.\
21. George\'a0C.R,\'a0Guinness\'a0M.D,\'a0Lark\'a0D.J,\'a0Evans\'a0R.A.\'a0Minocycline toxicity in renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01973;1(13):640\'96641.\
22. Jonas\'a0M,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0Ther Drug Monit.\'a01982;4(2):137\'96145.\
23. Wood\'a0M.J,\'a0Farrell\'a0W,\'a0Kattan\'a0S,\'a0Williams\'a0J.D.\'a0Activity of minocycline and tetracycline against respiratory pathogens related to blood levels.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01975;1(3):323\'96331.\
24. Sklenar\'a0I,\'a0Spring\'a0P,\'a0Dettli\'a0L.\'a0One-dose and multiple-dose kinetics of minocycline in patients with renal disease.\'a0Agents and Actions.\'a01977;7(3):369\'96377.\
25. Smith\'a0C,\'a0Woods\'a0C.G,\'a0Woods\'a0M.J.\'a0Absorption of minocycline.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01984;13(1):93.\
26. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Koch\'a0P.A,\'a0Lau\'a0C.C,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Bioavailability of tetracycline and doxycycline in fasted and nonfasted subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(3):462\'96469.\
27. Neuvonen\'a0P.J.\'a0Interactions with the absorption of tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a01976;11(1):45\'9654.\
28. Agwuh\'a0K.N,\'a0MacGowan\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of the tetracyclines including glycylcyclines.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(2):256\'96265.\
29. Fabre\'a0J,\'a0Milek\'a0E,\'a0Kalfopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Merier\'a0G.\'a0[Kinetics of tetracyclines in human. II. Excretion, penetration into normal and inflammed tissues, behavior in a case of renal insufficiency and inPage 351.e1\
References\
1. Duggar\'a0B.M.\'a0Aureomycin: a product of the continuing search for new antibiotics.\'a0Ann NY Acad Sci.\'a01948;51(2):177\'96181.\
2. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Tetracycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:843\'96850.\
3. Sabundayo\'a0B.P,\'a0Standiford\'a0H.C.\'a0Tetracyclines and analogues.\'a0In:\'a0Yu\'a0V.L,\'a0Edwards\'a0G,\'a0McKinnon\'a0P.S,\'a0Peolquin\'a0C,\'a0Morse\'a0G.D,\'a0eds.\'a0Antimicrobial Therapy and Vaccines, 2nd Edition. Vol II: Antimicrobial Agents.\'a02nd ed.\'a0Pittsburgh, PA:\'a0ESun Technologies LLC;\'a02005:461\'96476.\
4. Levy\'a0S.B,\'a0FitzGerald\'a0G.B,\'a0Macone\'a0A.B.\'a0Changes in intestinal flora of farm personnel after introduction of a tetracycline-supplemented feed on a farm.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01976;295(11):583\'96588.\
5. DuPont\'a0H,\'a0Steele\'a0J.H.\'a0Use of antimicrobial agents in animal feeds: implications for human health.\'a0Rev of Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(3):447\'96460.\
6. Thaker\'a0M,\'a0Spanogiannopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0The tetracycline resistome.\'a0Cell Mol Life Sci.\'a02010;67(3):419\'96431.\
7. Perks\'a0W.H,\'a0Walters\'a0E.H,\'a0Tams\'a0I.P,\'a0Prowse\'a0K.\'a0Demeclocycline in the treatment of the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone.\'a0Thorax.\'a01979;34(3):324\'96327.\
8. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Roberts\'a0M.\'a0Tetracycline antibiotics: mode of action, applications, molecular biology, and epidemiology of bacterial resistance.\'a0MMBR.\'a02001;65(2):232\'96260.\
9. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hacker\'a0K.\'a0Inhibition of K88-mediated adhesion of Escherichia coli to mammalian receptors by antibiotics that affect bacterial protein synthesis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01986;18(4):441\'96451.\
10. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Doxycycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:851\'96869.\
11. Dahl\'a0E.L,\'a0Shock\'a0J.L,\'a0Shenai\'a0B.R,\'a0Gut\'a0J,\'a0DeRisi\'a0J.L,\'a0Rosenthal\'a0P.J.\'a0Tetracyclines specifically target the apicoplast of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(9):3124\'963131.\
12. Ribush\'a0N,\'a0Morgan\'a0T.\'a0Tetracyclines and renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01972;1(2):53\'9655.\
13. Kunin\'a0C.M.\'a0A guide to use of antibiotics in patients with renal disease. A table of recommended doses and factors governing serum levels.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01967;67(1):151\'96158.\
14. Heaney\'a0D,\'a0Eknoyan\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline and doxycycline kinetics in chronic renal failure.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01978;24(2):233\'96239.\
15. Whelton\'a0A,\'a0Schach von Wittenau\'a0M,\'a0Twomey\'a0T.M,\'a0Walker\'a0W.G,\'a0Bianchine\'a0J.R.\'a0Doxycycline pharmacokinetics in the absence of renal function.\'a0Kidney Int.\'a01974;5(5):365\'96371.\
16. Thiim\'a0M,\'a0Friedman\'a0L.S.\'a0Hepatotoxicity of antibiotics and antifungals.\'a0Clinics in Liver Disease.\'a02003;7(2):381\'96399\'a0vi-vii.\
17. Horrevorts\'a0A,\'a0Pluim\'a0M.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:870\'96880.\
18. Carney\'a0S,\'a0Butcher\'a0R.A,\'a0Dawborn\'a0J.K,\'a0Pattison\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline excretion and distribution in relation to renal function in man.\'a0Clin Exp Pharmacol.\'a01974;1(4):299\'96308.\
19. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Shaw\'a0W.R,\'a0Uman\'a0S.J,\'a0Tse\'a0F.L,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of minocycline in renal failure.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;8(5):532\'96537.\
20. Bernard\'a0B,\'a0Yin\'a0E.J,\'a0Simon\'a0H.J.\'a0Clinical pharmacologic studies with minocycline.\'a0The J Clin Pharmacol.\'a01971;11(5):332\'96348.\
21. George\'a0C.R,\'a0Guinness\'a0M.D,\'a0Lark\'a0D.J,\'a0Evans\'a0R.A.\'a0Minocycline toxicity in renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01973;1(13):640\'96641.\
22. Jonas\'a0M,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0Ther Drug Monit.\'a01982;4(2):137\'96145.\
23. Wood\'a0M.J,\'a0Farrell\'a0W,\'a0Kattan\'a0S,\'a0Williams\'a0J.D.\'a0Activity of minocycline and tetracycline against respiratory pathogens related to blood levels.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01975;1(3):323\'96331.\
24. Sklenar\'a0I,\'a0Spring\'a0P,\'a0Dettli\'a0L.\'a0One-dose and multiple-dose kinetics of minocycline in patients with renal disease.\'a0Agents and Actions.\'a01977;7(3):369\'96377.\
25. Smith\'a0C,\'a0Woods\'a0C.G,\'a0Woods\'a0M.J.\'a0Absorption of minocycline.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01984;13(1):93.\
26. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Koch\'a0P.A,\'a0Lau\'a0C.C,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Bioavailability of tetracycline and doxycycline in fasted and nonfasted subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(3):462\'96469.\
27. Neuvonen\'a0P.J.\'a0Interactions with the absorption of tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a01976;11(1):45\'9654.\
28. Agwuh\'a0K.N,\'a0MacGowan\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of the tetracyclines including glycylcyclines.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(2):256\'96265.\
29. Fabre\'a0J,\'a0Milek\'a0E,\'a0Kalfopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Merier\'a0G.\'a0[Kinetics of tetracyclines in human. II. Excretion, penetration into normal and inflammed tissues, behavior in a case of renal insufficiency and in hemodialysis].\'a0Schweiz Med Wochenschr.\'a01971;101(18):625\'96633.\
30. Macdonald\'a0H,\'a0Kelly\'a0R.G,\'a0Allen\'a0E.S,\'a0Noble\'a0J.F,\'a0Kanegis\'a0L.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetic studies on minocycline in man.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01973;14(5):852\'96861.\
31. Lundberg\'a0C,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentration of penicillin V and tetracycline in maxillary sinus secretion after repeated doses.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(2):123\'96133.\
32. Ruhen\'a0R.W,\'a0Tandon\'a0M.K.\'a0Comparative effectiveness of tetracycline, minocycline and doxycycline in treatment of acute-on-chronic bronchitis. A study based on sputum levels.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01976;1(6):151\'96153.\
33. Chow\'a0A.W,\'a0Jewesson\'a0P.J.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and safety of antimicrobial agents during pregnancy.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01985;7(3):287\'96313.\
34. Alestig\'a0K.\'a0Studies on doxycycline during intravenous and oral treatment with reference to renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(3):193\'96198.\
35. Andersson\'a0K.E,\'a0Mardh\'a0P.A,\'a0Akerlund\'a0M.\'a0Passage of doxycycline into extracellular fluid.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):7\'9611.\
36. Eliasson\'a0R,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentrations of doxycycline in human seminal plasma.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):32\'9636.\
37. Lode\'a0H.\'a0Penetration of antibiotics into the pleural fluid.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01979;5(2):122\'96124.\
38. Schreiner\'a0A,\'a0Digranes\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of lymecycline and doxycycline in serum and suction blister fluid.\'a0Chemotherapy.\'a01985;31(4):261\'96265.\
39. Marlin\'a0G.E,\'a0Cheng\'a0S,\'a0Thompson\'a0P.J.\'a0Sputum and plasma doxycycline concentrations after a single oral 600 mg doxycycline dose in patients with chronic bronchitis.\'a0Eur J Respir Dis.\'a01981;62(4):276\'96280.\
40. Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0The detection of doxycycline activity in human bone.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):47\'9653.\
41. Gnarpe\'a0H,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Hagg\'a0O.\'a0Doxycycline concentration levels in bone, soft tissue and serum after intravenous infusion of doxycycline. A clinical study.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):54\'9657.\
42. Bystedt\'a0H,\'a0A\'a0D.A,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E.\'a0Concentrations of azidocillin, erythromycin, doxycycline and clindamycin in human mandibular bone.\'a0Int J Oral Surg.\'a01978;7(5):442\'96449.\
43. Dotevall\'a0L,\'a0Hagberg\'a0L.\'a0Penetration of doxycycline into cerebrospinal fluid in patients treated for suspected Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(7):1078\'961080.\
44. Yim\'a0C.W,\'a0Flynn\'a0N.M,\'a0Fitzgerald\'a0F.T.\'a0Penetration of oral doxycycline into the cerebrospinal fluid of patients with latent or neurosyphilis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01985;28(2):347\'96348.\
45. Nikaido\'a0H,\'a0Thanassi\'a0D.G.\'a0Penetration of lipophilic agents with multiple protonation sites into bacterial cells: tetracyclines and fluoroquinolones as examples.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01993;37(7):1393\'961399.\
46. Bergogne-Berezin\'a0E,\'a0Lambert-Zechovsky\'a0N,\'a0Morel\'a0C.\'a0[Pharmacokinetics of antibiotics in bronchial secretions. 250 cases].\'a0La Nouvelle Presse Medicale.\'a01977;6(38):3548.\
47. Hensle\'a0T.W,\'a0Prout\'a0GR.\'a0J.r,\'a0Griffin\'a0P.\'a0Minocycline diffusion into benign prostatic hyperplasia.\'a0The Journal of Urology.\'a01977;118(4):609\'96611.\
48. Hoeprich\'a0P.D,\'a0Warshauer\'a0D.M.\'a0Entry of four tetracyclines into saliva and tears.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01974;5(3):330\'96336.\
49. Steigbigel\'a0N.H,\'a0Reed\'a0C.W,\'a0Finland\'a0M.\'a0Absorption and excretion of five tetracycline analogues in normal young men.\'a0The American Journal of the Medical Sciences.\'a01968;255:296\'96312.\
50. Mahon\'a0W.A,\'a0Johnson\'a0G.E,\'a0Endrenyl\'a0L,\'a0Kelly\'a0M.F,\'a0Fenton\'a0S.S.\'a0The elimination of tritiated doxycycline in normal subjects and in patients with severely impaired renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):24\'9631.\
51. Saivin\'a0S,\'a0Houin\'a0G.\'a0Clinical pharmacokinetics of doxycycline and minocycline.\'a0Clin Pharmacokinet.\'a01988;15(6):355\'96366.\
52. CLSI, .\'a0Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; Thirty-Second Informational Supplement.\'a0Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute;\'a02022.\
53. Diekema\'a0D.J,\'a0Pfaller\'a0M.A,\'a0Schmitz\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Survey of infections due to Staphylococcus species: frequency of occurrence and antimicrobial susceptibility of isolates collected in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, and the Western Pacific Region for the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997\'961999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):114\'96132.\
54. Holmes\'a0R.L,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0J.H.\'a0Inhibitory activities of 11 antimicrobial agents and bactericidal activities of vancomycin and daptomycin against invasive methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates obtained from 1999 through 2006.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(2):757\'96760.\
55. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Palatnick\'a0L,\'a0Nichol\'a0K.A,\'a0Bellyou\'a0T,\'a0Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance in respiratory tract Streptococcus pneumoniae isolates: results of the Canadian Respiratory Organism Susceptibility Study, 1997 to 2002.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(6):1867\'961874.\
56. Koeth\'a0L.M,\'a0Felmingham\'a0D,\'a0Jacobs\'a0M.R,\'a0Rossi\'a0F.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae in Sao Paulo, Brazil from 1996 to 2000.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):356\'96361.\
57. Jones\'a0R.N,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R.\'a0Doxycycline use for community-acquired pneumonia: contemporary in\'a0vitro spectrum of activity against Streptococcus pneumoniae (1999-2002).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect\
Page 351.e1\
References\
1. Duggar\'a0B.M.\'a0Aureomycin: a product of the continuing search for new antibiotics.\'a0Ann NY Acad Sci.\'a01948;51(2):177\'96181.\
2. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Tetracycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:843\'96850.\
3. Sabundayo\'a0B.P,\'a0Standiford\'a0H.C.\'a0Tetracyclines and analogues.\'a0In:\'a0Yu\'a0V.L,\'a0Edwards\'a0G,\'a0McKinnon\'a0P.S,\'a0Peolquin\'a0C,\'a0Morse\'a0G.D,\'a0eds.\'a0Antimicrobial Therapy and Vaccines, 2nd Edition. Vol II: Antimicrobial Agents.\'a02nd ed.\'a0Pittsburgh, PA:\'a0ESun Technologies LLC;\'a02005:461\'96476.\
4. Levy\'a0S.B,\'a0FitzGerald\'a0G.B,\'a0Macone\'a0A.B.\'a0Changes in intestinal flora of farm personnel after introduction of a tetracycline-supplemented feed on a farm.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01976;295(11):583\'96588.\
5. DuPont\'a0H,\'a0Steele\'a0J.H.\'a0Use of antimicrobial agents in animal feeds: implications for human health.\'a0Rev of Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(3):447\'96460.\
6. Thaker\'a0M,\'a0Spanogiannopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0The tetracycline resistome.\'a0Cell Mol Life Sci.\'a02010;67(3):419\'96431.\
7. Perks\'a0W.H,\'a0Walters\'a0E.H,\'a0Tams\'a0I.P,\'a0Prowse\'a0K.\'a0Demeclocycline in the treatment of the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone.\'a0Thorax.\'a01979;34(3):324\'96327.\
8. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Roberts\'a0M.\'a0Tetracycline antibiotics: mode of action, applications, molecular biology, and epidemiology of bacterial resistance.\'a0MMBR.\'a02001;65(2):232\'96260.\
9. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hacker\'a0K.\'a0Inhibition of K88-mediated adhesion of Escherichia coli to mammalian receptors by antibiotics that affect bacterial protein synthesis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01986;18(4):441\'96451.\
10. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Doxycycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:851\'96869.\
11. Dahl\'a0E.L,\'a0Shock\'a0J.L,\'a0Shenai\'a0B.R,\'a0Gut\'a0J,\'a0DeRisi\'a0J.L,\'a0Rosenthal\'a0P.J.\'a0Tetracyclines specifically target the apicoplast of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(9):3124\'963131.\
12. Ribush\'a0N,\'a0Morgan\'a0T.\'a0Tetracyclines and renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01972;1(2):53\'9655.\
13. Kunin\'a0C.M.\'a0A guide to use of antibiotics in patients with renal disease. A table of recommended doses and factors governing serum levels.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01967;67(1):151\'96158.\
14. Heaney\'a0D,\'a0Eknoyan\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline and doxycycline kinetics in chronic renal failure.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01978;24(2):233\'96239.\
15. Whelton\'a0A,\'a0Schach von Wittenau\'a0M,\'a0Twomey\'a0T.M,\'a0Walker\'a0W.G,\'a0Bianchine\'a0J.R.\'a0Doxycycline pharmacokinetics in the absence of renal function.\'a0Kidney Int.\'a01974;5(5):365\'96371.\
16. Thiim\'a0M,\'a0Friedman\'a0L.S.\'a0Hepatotoxicity of antibiotics and antifungals.\'a0Clinics in Liver Disease.\'a02003;7(2):381\'96399\'a0vi-vii.\
17. Horrevorts\'a0A,\'a0Pluim\'a0M.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:870\'96880.\
18. Carney\'a0S,\'a0Butcher\'a0R.A,\'a0Dawborn\'a0J.K,\'a0Pattison\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline excretion and distribution in relation to renal function in man.\'a0Clin Exp Pharmacol.\'a01974;1(4):299\'96308.\
19. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Shaw\'a0W.R,\'a0Uman\'a0S.J,\'a0Tse\'a0F.L,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of minocycline in renal failure.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;8(5):532\'96537.\
20. Bernard\'a0B,\'a0Yin\'a0E.J,\'a0Simon\'a0H.J.\'a0Clinical pharmacologic studies with minocycline.\'a0The J Clin Pharmacol.\'a01971;11(5):332\'96348.\
21. George\'a0C.R,\'a0Guinness\'a0M.D,\'a0Lark\'a0D.J,\'a0Evans\'a0R.A.\'a0Minocycline toxicity in renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01973;1(13):640\'96641.\
22. Jonas\'a0M,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0Ther Drug Monit.\'a01982;4(2):137\'96145.\
23. Wood\'a0M.J,\'a0Farrell\'a0W,\'a0Kattan\'a0S,\'a0Williams\'a0J.D.\'a0Activity of minocycline and tetracycline against respiratory pathogens related to blood levels.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01975;1(3):323\'96331.\
24. Sklenar\'a0I,\'a0Spring\'a0P,\'a0Dettli\'a0L.\'a0One-dose and multiple-dose kinetics of minocycline in patients with renal disease.\'a0Agents and Actions.\'a01977;7(3):369\'96377.\
25. Smith\'a0C,\'a0Woods\'a0C.G,\'a0Woods\'a0M.J.\'a0Absorption of minocycline.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01984;13(1):93.\
26. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Koch\'a0P.A,\'a0Lau\'a0C.C,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Bioavailability of tetracycline and doxycycline in fasted and nonfasted subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(3):462\'96469.\
27. Neuvonen\'a0P.J.\'a0Interactions with the absorption of tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a01976;11(1):45\'9654.\
28. Agwuh\'a0K.N,\'a0MacGowan\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of the tetracyclines including glycylcyclines.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(2):256\'96265.\
29. Fabre\'a0J,\'a0Milek\'a0E,\'a0Kalfopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Merier\'a0G.\'a0[Kinetics of tetracyclines in human. II. Excretion, penetration into normal and inflammed tissues, behavior in a case of renal insufficiency and in hemodialysis].\'a0Schweiz Med Wochenschr.\'a01971;101(18):625\'96633.\
30. Macdonald\'a0H,\'a0Kelly\'a0R.G,\'a0Allen\'a0E.S,\'a0Noble\'a0J.F,\'a0Kanegis\'a0L.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetic studies on minocycline in man.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01973;14(5):852\'96861.\
31. Lundberg\'a0C,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentration of penicillin V and tetracycline in maxillary sinus secretion after repeated doses.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(2):123\'96133.\
32. Ruhen\'a0R.W,\'a0Tandon\'a0M.K.\'a0Comparative effectiveness of tetracycline, minocycline and doxycycline in treatment of acute-on-chronic bronchitis. A study based on sputum levels.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01976;1(6):151\'96153.\
33. Chow\'a0A.W,\'a0Jewesson\'a0P.J.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and safety of antimicrobial agents during pregnancy.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01985;7(3):287\'96313.\
34. Alestig\'a0K.\'a0Studies on doxycycline during intravenous and oral treatment with reference to renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(3):193\'96198.\
35. Andersson\'a0K.E,\'a0Mardh\'a0P.A,\'a0Akerlund\'a0M.\'a0Passage of doxycycline into extracellular fluid.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):7\'9611.\
36. Eliasson\'a0R,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentrations of doxycycline in human seminal plasma.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):32\'9636.\
37. Lode\'a0H.\'a0Penetration of antibiotics into the pleural fluid.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01979;5(2):122\'96124.\
38. Schreiner\'a0A,\'a0Digranes\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of lymecycline and doxycycline in serum and suction blister fluid.\'a0Chemotherapy.\'a01985;31(4):261\'96265.\
39. Marlin\'a0G.E,\'a0Cheng\'a0S,\'a0Thompson\'a0P.J.\'a0Sputum and plasma doxycycline concentrations after a single oral 600 mg doxycycline dose in patients with chronic bronchitis.\'a0Eur J Respir Dis.\'a01981;62(4):276\'96280.\
40. Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0The detection of doxycycline activity in human bone.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):47\'9653.\
41. Gnarpe\'a0H,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Hagg\'a0O.\'a0Doxycycline concentration levels in bone, soft tissue and serum after intravenous infusion of doxycycline. A clinical study.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):54\'9657.\
42. Bystedt\'a0H,\'a0A\'a0D.A,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E.\'a0Concentrations of azidocillin, erythromycin, doxycycline and clindamycin in human mandibular bone.\'a0Int J Oral Surg.\'a01978;7(5):442\'96449.\
43. Dotevall\'a0L,\'a0Hagberg\'a0L.\'a0Penetration of doxycycline into cerebrospinal fluid in patients treated for suspected Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(7):1078\'961080.\
44. Yim\'a0C.W,\'a0Flynn\'a0N.M,\'a0Fitzgerald\'a0F.T.\'a0Penetration of oral doxycycline into the cerebrospinal fluid of patients with latent or neurosyphilis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01985;28(2):347\'96348.\
45. Nikaido\'a0H,\'a0Thanassi\'a0D.G.\'a0Penetration of lipophilic agents with multiple protonation sites into bacterial cells: tetracyclines and fluoroquinolones as examples.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01993;37(7):1393\'961399.\
46. Bergogne-Berezin\'a0E,\'a0Lambert-Zechovsky\'a0N,\'a0Morel\'a0C.\'a0[Pharmacokinetics of antibiotics in bronchial secretions. 250 cases].\'a0La Nouvelle Presse Medicale.\'a01977;6(38):3548.\
47. Hensle\'a0T.W,\'a0Prout\'a0GR.\'a0J.r,\'a0Griffin\'a0P.\'a0Minocycline diffusion into benign prostatic hyperplasia.\'a0The Journal of Urology.\'a01977;118(4):609\'96611.\
48. Hoeprich\'a0P.D,\'a0Warshauer\'a0D.M.\'a0Entry of four tetracyclines into saliva and tears.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01974;5(3):330\'96336.\
49. Steigbigel\'a0N.H,\'a0Reed\'a0C.W,\'a0Finland\'a0M.\'a0Absorption and excretion of five tetracycline analogues in normal young men.\'a0The American Journal of the Medical Sciences.\'a01968;255:296\'96312.\
50. Mahon\'a0W.A,\'a0Johnson\'a0G.E,\'a0Endrenyl\'a0L,\'a0Kelly\'a0M.F,\'a0Fenton\'a0S.S.\'a0The elimination of tritiated doxycycline in normal subjects and in patients with severely impaired renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):24\'9631.\
51. Saivin\'a0S,\'a0Houin\'a0G.\'a0Clinical pharmacokinetics of doxycycline and minocycline.\'a0Clin Pharmacokinet.\'a01988;15(6):355\'96366.\
52. CLSI, .\'a0Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; Thirty-Second Informational Supplement.\'a0Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute;\'a02022.\
53. Diekema\'a0D.J,\'a0Pfaller\'a0M.A,\'a0Schmitz\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Survey of infections due to Staphylococcus species: frequency of occurrence and antimicrobial susceptibility of isolates collected in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, and the Western Pacific Region for the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997\'961999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):114\'96132.\
54. Holmes\'a0R.L,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0J.H.\'a0Inhibitory activities of 11 antimicrobial agents and bactericidal activities of vancomycin and daptomycin against invasive methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates obtained from 1999 through 2006.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(2):757\'96760.\
55. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Palatnick\'a0L,\'a0Nichol\'a0K.A,\'a0Bellyou\'a0T,\'a0Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance in respiratory tract Streptococcus pneumoniae isolates: results of the Canadian Respiratory Organism Susceptibility Study, 1997 to 2002.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(6):1867\'961874.\
56. Koeth\'a0L.M,\'a0Felmingham\'a0D,\'a0Jacobs\'a0M.R,\'a0Rossi\'a0F.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae in Sao Paulo, Brazil from 1996 to 2000.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):356\'96361.\
57. Jones\'a0R.N,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R.\'a0Doxycycline use for community-acquired pneumonia: contemporary in\'a0vitro spectrum of activity against Streptococcus pneumoniae (1999-2002).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02004;49(2):147\'96149.\
58. Wimmerstedt\'a0A,\'a0Kahlmeter\'a0G.\'a0Associated antimicrobial resistance in Escherichia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus pyogenes.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02008;14(4):315\'96321.\
59. Persson\'a0E,\'a0Berg\'a0S,\'a0Bergseng\'a0H,\'a0Bergh\'a0K,\'a0Valso-Lyng\'a0R,\'a0Trollfors\'a0B.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of invasive group B streptococcal isolates from south-west Sweden 1988-2001.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02008;40(4):308\'96313.\
60. Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Keller\'a0N,\'a0Barth\'a0A,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Clinical prevalence, antimicrobial susceptibility, and geographic resistance patterns of enterococci: results from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997-1999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):S133\'96S145.\
61. Holmberg\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0Antimicrobial in\'a0vitro susceptibility of Actinomyces israelii and Arachnia propionica.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01977;9(1):40\'9645.\
62. Vitas\'a0A.I,\'a0Sanchez\'a0R.M,\'a0Aguado\'a0V,\'a0Garcia-Jalon\'a0I.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of Listeria monocytogenes isolated from food and clinical cases in Navarra, Spain.\'a0J Food Prot.\'a02007;70(10):2402\'962406.\
63. Mohammed\'a0M.J,\'a0Marston\'a0C.K,\'a0Popovic\'a0T,\'a0Weyant\'a0R.S,\'a0Tenover\'a0F.C.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Bacillus anthracis: comparison of results obtained by using the National Committee for Clinical Laboratory Standards broth microdilution reference and Etest agar gradient diffusion methods.\'a0J Clin Microbiol.\'a02002;40(6):1902\'961907.\
64. Frean\'a0J,\'a0Klugman\'a0K.P,\'a0Arntzen\'a0L,\'a0Bukofzer\'a0S.\'a0Susceptibility of Bacillus anthracis to eleven antimicrobial agents including novel fluoroquinolones and a ketolide.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(2):297\'96299.\
65. Hernandez\'a0E,\'a0Girardet\'a0M,\'a0Ramisse\'a0F,\'a0Vidal\'a0D,\'a0Cavallo\'a0J.D.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibilities of 94 isolates of Yersinia pestis to 24 antimicrobial agents.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(6):1029\'961031.\
66. Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Vinh\'a0D.X,\'a0Nguyen\'a0T.T,\'a0Wain\'a0J,\'a0Thung\'a0D,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibilities of strains of Yersinia pestis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(9):2153\'962154.\
67. Schonberg-Norio\'a0D,\'a0Hanninen\'a0M.L,\'a0Katila\'a0M.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Activities of telithromycin, erythromycin, fluoroquinolones, and doxycycline against Campylobacter strains isolated from Finnish subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(3):1086\'961088.\
68. Morris\'a0Jr.\'a0J.G.\'a0Black RE. Cholera and other vibrioses in the United States.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01985;312(6):343\'96350.\
69. Ottaviani\'a0D,\'a0Bacchiocchi\'a0I,\'a0Masini\'a0L,\'a0et al.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of potentially pathogenic halophilic vibrios isolated from seafood.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;18(2):135\'96140.\
70. Midani\'a0S,\'a0Rathore\'a0M.H.\'a0Vibrio species infection of a catfish spine puncture wound.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01994;13(4):333\'96334.\
71. Fernandez-Cuenca\'a0F,\'a0Tomas-Carmona\'a0M,\'a0Caballero-Moyano\'a0F,\'a0et al.\'a0[In vitro activity of 18 antimicrobial agents against clinical isolates of Acinetobacter spp.: multicenter national study GEIH-REIPI-Ab 2010.].\'a0Enferm Infecc Microbiol Clin.\'a02012.\
72. Jenney\'a0A.W,\'a0Lum\'a0G,\'a0Fisher\'a0D.A,\'a0Currie\'a0B.J.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibility of Burkholderia pseudomallei from tropical northern Australia and implications for therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;17(2):109\'96113.\
73. Nicodemo\'a0A.C,\'a0Araujo\'a0M.R,\'a0Ruiz\'a0A.S,\'a0Gales\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia isolates: comparison of disc diffusion, Etest and agar dilution methods.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02004;53(4):604\'96608.\
74. Janda\'a0J.M,\'a0Guthertz\'a0L.S,\'a0Kokka\'a0R.P,\'a0Shimada\'a0T.\'a0Aeromonas species in septicemia: laboratory characteristics and clinical observations.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01994;19(1):77\'9683.\
75. Flamm\'a0R.K,\'a0Castanheira\'a0M,\'a0Streit\'a0J.M,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Minocycline activity tested against Acinetobacter baumannii complex, Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, and Burkholderia cepacia species complex isolates from a global surveillance program (2013).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02016;85(3):352\'96355.\
76. Li\'a0X.Z,\'a0Livermore\'a0D.M,\'a0Nikaido\'a0H.\'a0Role of efflux pump(s) in intrinsic resistance of Pseudomonas aeruginosa: resistance to tetracycline, chloramphenicol, and norfloxacin.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(8):1732\'961741.\'a0Page 351.e2.\
77. Schaumann\'a0R,\'a0Ackermann\'a0G,\'a0Pless\'a0B,\'a0Claros\'a0M.C,\'a0Goldstein\'a0E.J,\'a0Rodloff\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of fourteen antimicrobial agents against obligately anaerobic bacteria.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(3):225\'96232.\
78. Baykam\'a0N,\'a0Esener\'a0H,\'a0Ergonul\'a0O,\'a0Eren\'a0S,\'a0Celikbas\'a0A.K,\'a0Dokuzoguz\'a0B.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibility of Brucella species.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):405\'96407.\
79. Dorbecker\'a0C,\'a0Sander\'a0A,\'a0Oberle\'a0K,\'a0Schulin-Casonato\'a0T.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Bartonella species to 17 antimicrobial compounds: comparison of Etest and agar dilution.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(4):784\'96788.\
80. Bebear\'a0C,\'a0Pereyre\'a0S,\'a0Peuchant\'a0O.\'a0Mycoplasma pneumoniae: susceptibility and resistance to antibiotics.\'a0Future Microbiology.\'a02011;6(4):423\'96431.\
81. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Bryskier\'a0A,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0Comparative activities of telithromycin (HMR 3647), levofloxacin, and other antimicrobial agents against human mycoplasmas.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(7):1980\'961982.\
Page 351.e1\
References\
1. Duggar\'a0B.M.\'a0Aureomycin: a product of the continuing search for new antibiotics.\'a0Ann NY Acad Sci.\'a01948;51(2):177\'96181.\
2. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Tetracycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:843\'96850.\
3. Sabundayo\'a0B.P,\'a0Standiford\'a0H.C.\'a0Tetracyclines and analogues.\'a0In:\'a0Yu\'a0V.L,\'a0Edwards\'a0G,\'a0McKinnon\'a0P.S,\'a0Peolquin\'a0C,\'a0Morse\'a0G.D,\'a0eds.\'a0Antimicrobial Therapy and Vaccines, 2nd Edition. Vol II: Antimicrobial Agents.\'a02nd ed.\'a0Pittsburgh, PA:\'a0ESun Technologies LLC;\'a02005:461\'96476.\
4. Levy\'a0S.B,\'a0FitzGerald\'a0G.B,\'a0Macone\'a0A.B.\'a0Changes in intestinal flora of farm personnel after introduction of a tetracycline-supplemented feed on a farm.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01976;295(11):583\'96588.\
5. DuPont\'a0H,\'a0Steele\'a0J.H.\'a0Use of antimicrobial agents in animal feeds: implications for human health.\'a0Rev of Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(3):447\'96460.\
6. Thaker\'a0M,\'a0Spanogiannopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0The tetracycline resistome.\'a0Cell Mol Life Sci.\'a02010;67(3):419\'96431.\
7. Perks\'a0W.H,\'a0Walters\'a0E.H,\'a0Tams\'a0I.P,\'a0Prowse\'a0K.\'a0Demeclocycline in the treatment of the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone.\'a0Thorax.\'a01979;34(3):324\'96327.\
8. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Roberts\'a0M.\'a0Tetracycline antibiotics: mode of action, applications, molecular biology, and epidemiology of bacterial resistance.\'a0MMBR.\'a02001;65(2):232\'96260.\
9. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hacker\'a0K.\'a0Inhibition of K88-mediated adhesion of Escherichia coli to mammalian receptors by antibiotics that affect bacterial protein synthesis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01986;18(4):441\'96451.\
10. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Doxycycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:851\'96869.\
11. Dahl\'a0E.L,\'a0Shock\'a0J.L,\'a0Shenai\'a0B.R,\'a0Gut\'a0J,\'a0DeRisi\'a0J.L,\'a0Rosenthal\'a0P.J.\'a0Tetracyclines specifically target the apicoplast of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(9):3124\'963131.\
12. Ribush\'a0N,\'a0Morgan\'a0T.\'a0Tetracyclines and renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01972;1(2):53\'9655.\
13. Kunin\'a0C.M.\'a0A guide to use of antibiotics in patients with renal disease. A table of recommended doses and factors governing serum levels.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01967;67(1):151\'96158.\
14. Heaney\'a0D,\'a0Eknoyan\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline and doxycycline kinetics in chronic renal failure.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01978;24(2):233\'96239.\
15. Whelton\'a0A,\'a0Schach von Wittenau\'a0M,\'a0Twomey\'a0T.M,\'a0Walker\'a0W.G,\'a0Bianchine\'a0J.R.\'a0Doxycycline pharmacokinetics in the absence of renal function.\'a0Kidney Int.\'a01974;5(5):365\'96371.\
16. Thiim\'a0M,\'a0Friedman\'a0L.S.\'a0Hepatotoxicity of antibiotics and antifungals.\'a0Clinics in Liver Disease.\'a02003;7(2):381\'96399\'a0vi-vii.\
17. Horrevorts\'a0A,\'a0Pluim\'a0M.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:870\'96880.\
18. Carney\'a0S,\'a0Butcher\'a0R.A,\'a0Dawborn\'a0J.K,\'a0Pattison\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline excretion and distribution in relation to renal function in man.\'a0Clin Exp Pharmacol.\'a01974;1(4):299\'96308.\
19. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Shaw\'a0W.R,\'a0Uman\'a0S.J,\'a0Tse\'a0F.L,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of minocycline in renal failure.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;8(5):532\'96537.\
20. Bernard\'a0B,\'a0Yin\'a0E.J,\'a0Simon\'a0H.J.\'a0Clinical pharmacologic studies with minocycline.\'a0The J Clin Pharmacol.\'a01971;11(5):332\'96348.\
21. George\'a0C.R,\'a0Guinness\'a0M.D,\'a0Lark\'a0D.J,\'a0Evans\'a0R.A.\'a0Minocycline toxicity in renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01973;1(13):640\'96641.\
22. Jonas\'a0M,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0Ther Drug Monit.\'a01982;4(2):137\'96145.\
23. Wood\'a0M.J,\'a0Farrell\'a0W,\'a0Kattan\'a0S,\'a0Williams\'a0J.D.\'a0Activity of minocycline and tetracycline against respiratory pathogens related to blood levels.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01975;1(3):323\'96331.\
24. Sklenar\'a0I,\'a0Spring\'a0P,\'a0Dettli\'a0L.\'a0One-dose and multiple-dose kinetics of minocycline in patients with renal disease.\'a0Agents and Actions.\'a01977;7(3):369\'96377.\
25. Smith\'a0C,\'a0Woods\'a0C.G,\'a0Woods\'a0M.J.\'a0Absorption of minocycline.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01984;13(1):93.\
26. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Koch\'a0P.A,\'a0Lau\'a0C.C,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Bioavailability of tetracycline and doxycycline in fasted and nonfasted subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(3):462\'96469.\
27. Neuvonen\'a0P.J.\'a0Interactions with the absorption of tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a01976;11(1):45\'9654.\
28. Agwuh\'a0K.N,\'a0MacGowan\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of the tetracyclines including glycylcyclines.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(2):256\'96265.\
29. Fabre\'a0J,\'a0Milek\'a0E,\'a0Kalfopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Merier\'a0G.\'a0[Kinetics of tetracyclines in human. II. Excretion, penetration into normal and inflammed tissues, behavior in a case of renal insufficiency and in hemodialysis].\'a0Schweiz Med Wochenschr.\'a01971;101(18):625\'96633.\
30. Macdonald\'a0H,\'a0Kelly\'a0R.G,\'a0Allen\'a0E.S,\'a0Noble\'a0J.F,\'a0Kanegis\'a0L.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetic studies on minocycline in man.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01973;14(5):852\'96861.\
31. Lundberg\'a0C,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentration of penicillin V and tetracycline in maxillary sinus secretion after repeated doses.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(2):123\'96133.\
32. Ruhen\'a0R.W,\'a0Tandon\'a0M.K.\'a0Comparative effectiveness of tetracycline, minocycline and doxycycline in treatment of acute-on-chronic bronchitis. A study based on sputum levels.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01976;1(6):151\'96153.\
33. Chow\'a0A.W,\'a0Jewesson\'a0P.J.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and safety of antimicrobial agents during pregnancy.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01985;7(3):287\'96313.\
34. Alestig\'a0K.\'a0Studies on doxycycline during intravenous and oral treatment with reference to renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(3):193\'96198.\
35. Andersson\'a0K.E,\'a0Mardh\'a0P.A,\'a0Akerlund\'a0M.\'a0Passage of doxycycline into extracellular fluid.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):7\'9611.\
36. Eliasson\'a0R,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentrations of doxycycline in human seminal plasma.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):32\'9636.\
37. Lode\'a0H.\'a0Penetration of antibiotics into the pleural fluid.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01979;5(2):122\'96124.\
38. Schreiner\'a0A,\'a0Digranes\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of lymecycline and doxycycline in serum and suction blister fluid.\'a0Chemotherapy.\'a01985;31(4):261\'96265.\
39. Marlin\'a0G.E,\'a0Cheng\'a0S,\'a0Thompson\'a0P.J.\'a0Sputum and plasma doxycycline concentrations after a single oral 600 mg doxycycline dose in patients with chronic bronchitis.\'a0Eur J Respir Dis.\'a01981;62(4):276\'96280.\
40. Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0The detection of doxycycline activity in human bone.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):47\'9653.\
41. Gnarpe\'a0H,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Hagg\'a0O.\'a0Doxycycline concentration levels in bone, soft tissue and serum after intravenous infusion of doxycycline. A clinical study.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):54\'9657.\
42. Bystedt\'a0H,\'a0A\'a0D.A,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E.\'a0Concentrations of azidocillin, erythromycin, doxycycline and clindamycin in human mandibular bone.\'a0Int J Oral Surg.\'a01978;7(5):442\'96449.\
43. Dotevall\'a0L,\'a0Hagberg\'a0L.\'a0Penetration of doxycycline into cerebrospinal fluid in patients treated for suspected Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(7):1078\'961080.\
44. Yim\'a0C.W,\'a0Flynn\'a0N.M,\'a0Fitzgerald\'a0F.T.\'a0Penetration of oral doxycycline into the cerebrospinal fluid of patients with latent or neurosyphilis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01985;28(2):347\'96348.\
45. Nikaido\'a0H,\'a0Thanassi\'a0D.G.\'a0Penetration of lipophilic agents with multiple protonation sites into bacterial cells: tetracyclines and fluoroquinolones as examples.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01993;37(7):1393\'961399.\
46. Bergogne-Berezin\'a0E,\'a0Lambert-Zechovsky\'a0N,\'a0Morel\'a0C.\'a0[Pharmacokinetics of antibiotics in bronchial secretions. 250 cases].\'a0La Nouvelle Presse Medicale.\'a01977;6(38):3548.\
47. Hensle\'a0T.W,\'a0Prout\'a0GR.\'a0J.r,\'a0Griffin\'a0P.\'a0Minocycline diffusion into benign prostatic hyperplasia.\'a0The Journal of Urology.\'a01977;118(4):609\'96611.\
48. Hoeprich\'a0P.D,\'a0Warshauer\'a0D.M.\'a0Entry of four tetracyclines into saliva and tears.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01974;5(3):330\'96336.\
49. Steigbigel\'a0N.H,\'a0Reed\'a0C.W,\'a0Finland\'a0M.\'a0Absorption and excretion of five tetracycline analogues in normal young men.\'a0The American Journal of the Medical Sciences.\'a01968;255:296\'96312.\
50. Mahon\'a0W.A,\'a0Johnson\'a0G.E,\'a0Endrenyl\'a0L,\'a0Kelly\'a0M.F,\'a0Fenton\'a0S.S.\'a0The elimination of tritiated doxycycline in normal subjects and in patients with severely impaired renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):24\'9631.\
51. Saivin\'a0S,\'a0Houin\'a0G.\'a0Clinical pharmacokinetics of doxycycline and minocycline.\'a0Clin Pharmacokinet.\'a01988;15(6):355\'96366.\
52. CLSI, .\'a0Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; Thirty-Second Informational Supplement.\'a0Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute;\'a02022.\
53. Diekema\'a0D.J,\'a0Pfaller\'a0M.A,\'a0Schmitz\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Survey of infections due to Staphylococcus species: frequency of occurrence and antimicrobial susceptibility of isolates collected in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, and the Western Pacific Region for the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997\'961999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):114\'96132.\
54. Holmes\'a0R.L,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0J.H.\'a0Inhibitory activities of 11 antimicrobial agents and bactericidal activities of vancomycin and daptomycin against invasive methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates obtained from 1999 through 2006.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(2):757\'96760.\
55. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Palatnick\'a0L,\'a0Nichol\'a0K.A,\'a0Bellyou\'a0T,\'a0Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance in respiratory tract Streptococcus pneumoniae isolates: results of the Canadian Respiratory Organism Susceptibility Study, 1997 to 2002.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(6):1867\'961874.\
56. Koeth\'a0L.M,\'a0Felmingham\'a0D,\'a0Jacobs\'a0M.R,\'a0Rossi\'a0F.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae in Sao Paulo, Brazil from 1996 to 2000.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):356\'96361.\
57. Jones\'a0R.N,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R.\'a0Doxycycline use for community-acquired pneumonia: contemporary in\'a0vitro spectrum of activity against Streptococcus pneumoniae (1999-2002).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02004;49(2):147\'96149.\
58. Wimmerstedt\'a0A,\'a0Kahlmeter\'a0G.\'a0Associated antimicrobial resistance in Escherichia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus pyogenes.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02008;14(4):315\'96321.\
59. Persson\'a0E,\'a0Berg\'a0S,\'a0Bergseng\'a0H,\'a0Bergh\'a0K,\'a0Valso-Lyng\'a0R,\'a0Trollfors\'a0B.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of invasive group B streptococcal isolates from south-west Sweden 1988-2001.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02008;40(4):308\'96313.\
60. Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Keller\'a0N,\'a0Barth\'a0A,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Clinical prevalence, antimicrobial susceptibility, and geographic resistance patterns of enterococci: results from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997-1999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):S133\'96S145.\
61. Holmberg\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0Antimicrobial in\'a0vitro susceptibility of Actinomyces israelii and Arachnia propionica.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01977;9(1):40\'9645.\
62. Vitas\'a0A.I,\'a0Sanchez\'a0R.M,\'a0Aguado\'a0V,\'a0Garcia-Jalon\'a0I.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of Listeria monocytogenes isolated from food and clinical cases in Navarra, Spain.\'a0J Food Prot.\'a02007;70(10):2402\'962406.\
63. Mohammed\'a0M.J,\'a0Marston\'a0C.K,\'a0Popovic\'a0T,\'a0Weyant\'a0R.S,\'a0Tenover\'a0F.C.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Bacillus anthracis: comparison of results obtained by using the National Committee for Clinical Laboratory Standards broth microdilution reference and Etest agar gradient diffusion methods.\'a0J Clin Microbiol.\'a02002;40(6):1902\'961907.\
64. Frean\'a0J,\'a0Klugman\'a0K.P,\'a0Arntzen\'a0L,\'a0Bukofzer\'a0S.\'a0Susceptibility of Bacillus anthracis to eleven antimicrobial agents including novel fluoroquinolones and a ketolide.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(2):297\'96299.\
65. Hernandez\'a0E,\'a0Girardet\'a0M,\'a0Ramisse\'a0F,\'a0Vidal\'a0D,\'a0Cavallo\'a0J.D.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibilities of 94 isolates of Yersinia pestis to 24 antimicrobial agents.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(6):1029\'961031.\
66. Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Vinh\'a0D.X,\'a0Nguyen\'a0T.T,\'a0Wain\'a0J,\'a0Thung\'a0D,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibilities of strains of Yersinia pestis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(9):2153\'962154.\
67. Schonberg-Norio\'a0D,\'a0Hanninen\'a0M.L,\'a0Katila\'a0M.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Activities of telithromycin, erythromycin, fluoroquinolones, and doxycycline against Campylobacter strains isolated from Finnish subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(3):1086\'961088.\
68. Morris\'a0Jr.\'a0J.G.\'a0Black RE. Cholera and other vibrioses in the United States.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01985;312(6):343\'96350.\
69. Ottaviani\'a0D,\'a0Bacchiocchi\'a0I,\'a0Masini\'a0L,\'a0et al.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of potentially pathogenic halophilic vibrios isolated from seafood.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;18(2):135\'96140.\
70. Midani\'a0S,\'a0Rathore\'a0M.H.\'a0Vibrio species infection of a catfish spine puncture wound.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01994;13(4):333\'96334.\
71. Fernandez-Cuenca\'a0F,\'a0Tomas-Carmona\'a0M,\'a0Caballero-Moyano\'a0F,\'a0et al.\'a0[In vitro activity of 18 antimicrobial agents against clinical isolates of Acinetobacter spp.: multicenter national study GEIH-REIPI-Ab 2010.].\'a0Enferm Infecc Microbiol Clin.\'a02012.\
72. Jenney\'a0A.W,\'a0Lum\'a0G,\'a0Fisher\'a0D.A,\'a0Currie\'a0B.J.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibility of Burkholderia pseudomallei from tropical northern Australia and implications for therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;17(2):109\'96113.\
73. Nicodemo\'a0A.C,\'a0Araujo\'a0M.R,\'a0Ruiz\'a0A.S,\'a0Gales\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia isolates: comparison of disc diffusion, Etest and agar dilution methods.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02004;53(4):604\'96608.\
74. Janda\'a0J.M,\'a0Guthertz\'a0L.S,\'a0Kokka\'a0R.P,\'a0Shimada\'a0T.\'a0Aeromonas species in septicemia: laboratory characteristics and clinical observations.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01994;19(1):77\'9683.\
75. Flamm\'a0R.K,\'a0Castanheira\'a0M,\'a0Streit\'a0J.M,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Minocycline activity tested against Acinetobacter baumannii complex, Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, and Burkholderia cepacia species complex isolates from a global surveillance program (2013).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02016;85(3):352\'96355.\
76. Li\'a0X.Z,\'a0Livermore\'a0D.M,\'a0Nikaido\'a0H.\'a0Role of efflux pump(s) in intrinsic resistance of Pseudomonas aeruginosa: resistance to tetracycline, chloramphenicol, and norfloxacin.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(8):1732\'961741.\'a0Page 351.e2.\
77. Schaumann\'a0R,\'a0Ackermann\'a0G,\'a0Pless\'a0B,\'a0Claros\'a0M.C,\'a0Goldstein\'a0E.J,\'a0Rodloff\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of fourteen antimicrobial agents against obligately anaerobic bacteria.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(3):225\'96232.\
78. Baykam\'a0N,\'a0Esener\'a0H,\'a0Ergonul\'a0O,\'a0Eren\'a0S,\'a0Celikbas\'a0A.K,\'a0Dokuzoguz\'a0B.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibility of Brucella species.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):405\'96407.\
79. Dorbecker\'a0C,\'a0Sander\'a0A,\'a0Oberle\'a0K,\'a0Schulin-Casonato\'a0T.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Bartonella species to 17 antimicrobial compounds: comparison of Etest and agar dilution.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(4):784\'96788.\
80. Bebear\'a0C,\'a0Pereyre\'a0S,\'a0Peuchant\'a0O.\'a0Mycoplasma pneumoniae: susceptibility and resistance to antibiotics.\'a0Future Microbiology.\'a02011;6(4):423\'96431.\
81. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Bryskier\'a0A,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0Comparative activities of telithromycin (HMR 3647), levofloxacin, and other antimicrobial agents against human mycoplasmas.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(7):1980\'961982.\
82. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Charron\'a0A,\'a0Gruson\'a0D,\'a0Lefrancois\'a0M,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of trovafloxacin compared to those of five antimicrobials against mycoplasmas including Mycoplasma hominis and Ureaplasma urealyticum fluoroquinolone-resistant isolates that have been genetically characterized.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(9):2557\'962560.\
83. Schulin\'a0T,\'a0Wennersten\'a0C.B,\'a0Ferraro\'a0M.J,\'a0Moellering\'a0Jr.\'a0R.C,\'a0Eliopoulos\'a0G.M.\'a0Susceptibilities of Legionella spp. to newer antimicrobials in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01998;42(6):1520\'961523.\
84. Critchley\'a0I.A,\'a0Jones\'a0M.E,\'a0Heinze\'a0P.D,\'a0et al.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of levofloxacin against contemporary clinical isolates of Legionella pneumophila, Mycoplasma pneumoniae and Chlamydia pneumoniae from North America and Europe.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02002;8(4):214\'96221.\
85. Roblin\'a0P.M,\'a0Hammerschlag\'a0M.R.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of GAR-936 against Chlamydia pneumoniae and Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(1):61\'9663.\
86. Butaye\'a0P,\'a0Ducatelle\'a0R,\'a0De Backer\'a0P,\'a0Vermeersch\'a0H,\'a0Remon\'a0J.P,\'a0Haesebrouck\'a0F.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of doxycycline and enrofloxacin against European Chlamydia psittaci strains from turkeys.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01997;41(12):2800\'962801.\
87. Samra\'a0Z,\'a0Rosenberg\'a0S,\'a0Soffer\'a0Y,\'a0Dan\'a0M.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of recent clinical isolates of Chlamydia trachomatis to macrolides and tetracyclines.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02001;39(3):177\'96179.\
88. Wormser\'a0G.P,\'a0Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Dattwyler\'a0R.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Practice guidelines for the treatment of Lyme disease. The infectious diseases society of America.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02000;31(Suppl 1):1\'9614.\
89. Ates\'a0L,\'a0Hanssen-Hubner\'a0C,\'a0Norris\'a0D.E,\'a0Richter\'a0D,\'a0Kraiczy\'a0P,\'a0Hunfeld\'a0K.P.\'a0Comparison of in\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline, doxycycline, and tetracycline against the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi.\'a0Ticks Tick Borne Dis.\'a02010;1(1):30\'9634.\
90. Murray\'a0C.K,\'a0Ellis\'a0M.W,\'a0Hospenthal\'a0D.R.\'a0Susceptibility of Leptospira serovars to antimalarial agents.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02004;71(5):685\'96686.\
91. Norris\'a0S.J,\'a0Edmondson\'a0D.G.\'a0In\'a0vitro culture system to determine MICs and MBCs of antimicrobial agents against Treponema pallidum subsp. pallidum (Nichols strain).\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01988;32(1):68\'9674.\
92. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Roussellier\'a0P,\'a0Vestris\'a0G,\'a0Tamalet\'a0J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antibiotic susceptibility of Rickettsia rickettsii and Rickettsia conorii: plaque assay and microplaque colorimetric assay.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01987;155(5):1059\'961062.\
93. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Drancourt\'a0M.\'a0Antimicrobial therapy of rickettsial diseases.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01991;35(12):2457\'962462.\
94. Branger\'a0S,\'a0Rolain\'a0J.M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Evaluation of antibiotic susceptibilities of Ehrlichia canis, Ehrlichia chaffeensis, and Anaplasma phagocytophilum by real-time PCR.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02004;48(12):4822\'964828.\
95. Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J.\'a0Clinical and taxonomic status of pathogenic nonpigmented or late-pigmenting rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a02002;15(4):716\'96746.\
96. Uslan\'a0D.Z,\'a0Kowalski\'a0T.J,\'a0Wengenack\'a0N.L,\'a0Virk\'a0A,\'a0Wilson\'a0J.W.\'a0Skin and soft tissue infections due to rapidly growing mycobacteria: comparison of clinical features, treatment, and susceptibility.\'a0Archives of Dermatology.\'a02006;142(10):1287\'961292.\
97. Wallace\'a0R.J,\'a0Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Crist\'a0C.J,\'a0Mann\'a0L,\'a0Wilson\'a0R.W.\'a0Comparison of the in\'a0vitro activity of the glycylcycline tigecycline (Formerly GAR-936) with those of tetracycline, minocycline, and doxycycline against isolates of nontuberculous mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02002;46(10):3164\'963167.\
98. Rhomberg\'a0P.R,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of 11 antimicrobial agents, including gatifloxacin and GAR936, tested against clinical isolates of Mycobacterium marinum.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02002;42(2):145\'96147.\
99. da Silva Telles\'a0M.A,\'a0Chimara\'a0E,\'a0Ferrazoli\'a0L,\'a0Riley\'a0L.W.\'a0Mycobacterium kansasii: antibiotic susceptibility and PCR-restriction analysis of clinical isolates.\'a0J Med Microbiol.\'a02005;54(Pt 10):975\'96979.\
100. Balabanova\'a0Y,\'a0Ruddy\'a0M,\'a0Hubb\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in Russia: clinical characteristics, analysis of second-line drug resistance and development of standardized therapy.\'a0Eur J Clin Microbiol.\'a02005;24(2):136\'96139.\
101. Walker\'a0N.F,\'a0Clark\'a0S.O,\'a0Oni\'a0T,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline and HIV infection suppress tuberculosis-induced matrix metalloproteinases.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02012;185(9):989\'96997.\
102. Brown\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J,\'a0Onyi\'a0G.\'a0Activities of the glycylcyclines N,N-dimethylglycylamido-minocycline and N,N-dimethylglycylamido-6-demethyl-6-deoxytetracycline against Nocardia spp. and tetracycline-resistant isolates of rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01996;40(4):874\'96878.\
103. Cercenado\'a0E,\'a0Marin\'a0M,\'a0Sanchez-Martinez\'a0M,\'a0Cuevas\'a0O,\'a0Martinez-Alarcon\'a0J,\'a0Bouza\'a0E.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline and eight other antimicrobials against different Nocardia species identified by molecular methods.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02007;51(3):1102\'961104.\
104. Chang\'a0H.R,\'a0Comte\'a0R,\'a0Pechere\'a0J.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro and in\'a0vivo effects of doxycycline on Toxoplasma gondii.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01990;34(5):775\'96780.\
105. Edlind\'a0T.D.\'a0Tetracyclines as antiparasitic agents: lipophilic derivatives are highly active against Giardia lamblia in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(12):2144\'962145.\
4. Levy\'a0S.B,\'a0FitzGerald\'a0G.B,\'a0Macone\'a0A.B.\'a0Changes in intestinal flora of farm personnel after introduction of a tetracycline-supplemented feed on a farm.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01976;295(11):583\'96588.\
5. DuPont\'a0H,\'a0Steele\'a0J.H.\'a0Use of antimicrobial agents in animal feeds: implications for human health.\'a0Rev of Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(3):447\'96460.\
6. Thaker\'a0M,\'a0Spanogiannopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0The tetracycline resistome.\'a0Cell Mol Life Sci.\'a02010;67(3):419\'96431.\
7. Perks\'a0W.H,\'a0Walters\'a0E.H,\'a0Tams\'a0I.P,\'a0Prowse\'a0K.\'a0Demeclocycline in the treatment of the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone.\'a0Thorax.\'a01979;34(3):324\'96327.\
8. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Roberts\'a0M.\'a0Tetracycline antibiotics: mode of action, applications, molecular biology, and epidemiology of bacterial resistance.\'a0MMBR.\'a02001;65(2):232\'96260.\
9. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hacker\'a0K.\'a0Inhibition of K88-mediated adhesion of Escherichia coli to mammalian receptors by antibiotics that affect bacterial protein synthesis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01986;18(4):441\'96451.\
10. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Doxycycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:851\'96869.\
11. Dahl\'a0E.L,\'a0Shock\'a0J.L,\'a0Shenai\'a0B.R,\'a0Gut\'a0J,\'a0DeRisi\'a0J.L,\'a0Rosenthal\'a0P.J.\'a0Tetracyclines specifically target the apicoplast of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(9):3124\'963131.\
12. Ribush\'a0N,\'a0Morgan\'a0T.\'a0Tetracyclines and renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01972;1(2):53\'9655.\
13. Kunin\'a0C.M.\'a0A guide to use of antibiotics in patients with renal disease. A table of recommended doses and factors governing serum levels.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01967;67(1):151\'96158.\
14. Heaney\'a0D,\'a0Eknoyan\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline and doxycycline kinetics in chronic renal failure.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01978;24(2):233\'96239.\
15. Whelton\'a0A,\'a0Schach von Wittenau\'a0M,\'a0Twomey\'a0T.M,\'a0Walker\'a0W.G,\'a0Bianchine\'a0J.R.\'a0Doxycycline pharmacokinetics in the absence of renal function.\'a0Kidney Int.\'a01974;5(5):365\'96371.\
16. Thiim\'a0M,\'a0Friedman\'a0L.S.\'a0Hepatotoxicity of antibiotics and antifungals.\'a0Clinics in Liver Disease.\'a02003;7(2):381\'96399\'a0vi-vii.\
17. Horrevorts\'a0A,\'a0Pluim\'a0M.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:870\'96880.\
18. Carney\'a0S,\'a0Butcher\'a0R.A,\'a0Dawborn\'a0J.K,\'a0Pattison\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline excretion and distribution in relation to renal function in man.\'a0Clin Exp Pharmacol.\'a01974;1(4):299\'96308.\
19. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Shaw\'a0W.R,\'a0Uman\'a0S.J,\'a0Tse\'a0F.L,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of minocycline in renal failure.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;8(5):532\'96537.\
20. Bernard\'a0B,\'a0Yin\'a0E.J,\'a0Simon\'a0H.J.\'a0Clinical pharmacologic studies with minocycline.\'a0The J Clin Pharmacol.\'a01971;11(5):332\'96348.\
21. George\'a0C.R,\'a0Guinness\'a0M.D,\'a0Lark\'a0D.J,\'a0Evans\'a0R.A.\'a0Minocycline toxicity in renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01973;1(13):640\'96641.\
22. Jonas\'a0M,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0Ther Drug Monit.\'a01982;4(2):137\'96145.\
23. Wood\'a0M.J,\'a0Farrell\'a0W,\'a0Kattan\'a0S,\'a0Williams\'a0J.D.\'a0Activity of minocycline and tetracycline against respiratory pathogens related to blood levels.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01975;1(3):323\'96331.\
24. Sklenar\'a0I,\'a0Spring\'a0P,\'a0Dettli\'a0L.\'a0One-dose and multiple-dose kinetics of minocycline in patients with renal disease.\'a0Agents and Actions.\'a01977;7(3):369\'96377.\
25. Smith\'a0C,\'a0Woods\'a0C.G,\'a0Woods\'a0M.J.\'a0Absorption of minocycline.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01984;13(1):93.\
26. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Koch\'a0P.A,\'a0Lau\'a0C.C,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Bioavailability of tetracycline and doxycycline in fasted and nonfasted subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(3):462\'96469.\
27. Neuvonen\'a0P.J.\'a0Interactions with the absorption of tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a01976;11(1):45\'9654.\
28. Agwuh\'a0K.N,\'a0MacGowan\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of the tetracyclines including glycylcyclines.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(2):256\'96265.\
29. Fabre\'a0J,\'a0Milek\'a0E,\'a0Kalfopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Merier\'a0G.\'a0[Kinetics of tetracyclines in human. II. Excretion, penetration into normal and inflammed tissues, behavior in a case of renal insufficiency and in hemodialysis].\'a0Schweiz Med Wochenschr.\'a01971;101(18):625\'96633.\
30. Macdonald\'a0H,\'a0Kelly\'a0R.G,\'a0Allen\'a0E.S,\'a0Noble\'a0J.F,\'a0Kanegis\'a0L.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetic studies on minocycline in man.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01973;14(5):852\'96861.\
31. Lundberg\'a0C,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentration of penicillin V and tetracycline in maxillary sinus secretion after repeated doses.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(2):123\'96133.\
32. Ruhen\'a0R.W,\'a0Tandon\'a0M.K.\'a0Comparative effectiveness of tetracycline, minocycline and doxycycline in treatment of acute-on-chronic bronchitis. A study based on sputum levels.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01976;1(6):151\'96153.\
33. Chow\'a0A.W,\'a0Jewesson\'a0P.J.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and safety of antimicrobial agents during pregnancy.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01985;7(3):287\'96313.\
34. Alestig\'a0K.\'a0Studies on doxycycline during intravenous and oral treatment with reference to renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(3):193\'96198.\
35. Andersson\'a0K.E,\'a0Mardh\'a0P.A,\'a0Akerlund\'a0M.\'a0Passage of doxycycline into extracellular fluid.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):7\'9611.\
36. Eliasson\'a0R,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentrations of doxycycline in human seminal plasma.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):32\'9636.\
37. Lode\'a0H.\'a0Penetration of antibiotics into the pleural fluid.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01979;5(2):122\'96124.\
38. Schreiner\'a0A,\'a0Digranes\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of lymecycline and doxycycline in serum and suction blister fluid.\'a0Chemotherapy.\'a01985;31(4):261\'96265.\
39. Marlin\'a0G.E,\'a0Cheng\'a0S,\'a0Thompson\'a0P.J.\'a0Sputum and plasma doxycycline concentrations after a single oral 600 mg doxycycline dose in patients with chronic bronchitis.\'a0Eur J Respir Dis.\'a01981;62(4):276\'96280.\
40. Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0The detection of doxycycline activity in human bone.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):47\'9653.\
41. Gnarpe\'a0H,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Hagg\'a0O.\'a0Doxycycline concentration levels in bone, soft tissue and serum after intravenous infusion of doxycycline. A clinical study.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):54\'9657.\
42. Bystedt\'a0H,\'a0A\'a0D.A,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E.\'a0Concentrations of azidocillin, erythromycin, doxycycline and clindamycin in human mandibular bone.\'a0Int J Oral Surg.\'a01978;7(5):442\'96449.\
43. Dotevall\'a0L,\'a0Hagberg\'a0L.\'a0Penetration of doxycycline into cerebrospinal fluid in patients treated for suspected Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(7):1078\'961080.\
44. Yim\'a0C.W,\'a0Flynn\'a0N.M,\'a0Fitzgerald\'a0F.T.\'a0Penetration of oral doxycycline into the cerebrospinal fluid of patients with latent or neurosyphilis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01985;28(2):347\'96348.\
45. Nikaido\'a0H,\'a0Thanassi\'a0D.G.\'a0Penetration of lipophilic agents with multiple protonation sites into bacterial cells: tetracyclines and fluoroquinolones as examples.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01993;37(7):1393\'961399.\
46. Bergogne-Berezin\'a0E,\'a0Lambert-Zechovsky\'a0N,\'a0Morel\'a0C.\'a0[Pharmacokinetics of antibiotics in bronchial secretions. 250 cases].\'a0La Nouvelle Presse Medicale.\'a01977;6(38):3548.\
47. Hensle\'a0T.W,\'a0Prout\'a0GR.\'a0J.r,\'a0Griffin\'a0P.\'a0Minocycline diffusion into benign prostatic hyperplasia.\'a0The Journal of Urology.\'a01977;118(4):609\'96611.\
48. Hoeprich\'a0P.D,\'a0Warshauer\'a0D.M.\'a0Entry of four tetracyclines into saliva and tears.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01974;5(3):330\'96336.\
49. Steigbigel\'a0N.H,\'a0Reed\'a0C.W,\'a0Finland\'a0M.\'a0Absorption and excretion of five tetracycline analogues in normal young men.\'a0The American Journal of the Medical Sciences.\'a01968;255:296\'96312.\
50. Mahon\'a0W.A,\'a0Johnson\'a0G.E,\'a0Endrenyl\'a0L,\'a0Kelly\'a0M.F,\'a0Fenton\'a0S.S.\'a0The elimination of tritiated doxycycline in normal subjects and in patients with severely impaired renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):24\'9631.\
51. Saivin\'a0S,\'a0Houin\'a0G.\'a0Clinical pharmacokinetics of doxycycline and minocycline.\'a0Clin Pharmacokinet.\'a01988;15(6):355\'96366.\
52. CLSI, .\'a0Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; Thirty-Second Informational Supplement.\'a0Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute;\'a02022.\
53. Diekema\'a0D.J,\'a0Pfaller\'a0M.A,\'a0Schmitz\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Survey of infections due to Staphylococcus species: frequency of occurrence and antimicrobial susceptibility of isolates collected in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, and the Western Pacific Region for the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997\'961999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):114\'96132.\
54. Holmes\'a0R.L,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0J.H.\'a0Inhibitory activities of 11 antimicrobial agents and bactericidal activities of vancomycin and daptomycin against invasive methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates obtained from 1999 through 2006.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(2):757\'96760.\
55. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Palatnick\'a0L,\'a0Nichol\'a0K.A,\'a0Bellyou\'a0T,\'a0Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance in respiratory tract Streptococcus pneumoniae isolates: results of the Canadian Respiratory Organism Susceptibility Study, 1997 to 2002.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(6):1867\'961874.\
56. Koeth\'a0L.M,\'a0Felmingham\'a0D,\'a0Jacobs\'a0M.R,\'a0Rossi\'a0F.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae in Sao Paulo, Brazil from 1996 to 2000.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):356\'96361.\
57. Jones\'a0R.N,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R.\'a0Doxycycline use for community-acquired pneumonia: contemporary in\'a0vitro spectrum of activity against Streptococcus pneumoniae (1999-2002).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02004;49(2):147\'96149.\
58. Wimmerstedt\'a0A,\'a0Kahlmeter\'a0G.\'a0Associated antimicrobial resistance in Escherichia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus pyogenes.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02008;14(4):315\'96321.\
59. Persson\'a0E,\'a0Berg\'a0S,\'a0Bergseng\'a0H,\'a0Bergh\'a0K,\'a0Valso-Lyng\'a0R,\'a0Trollfors\'a0B.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of invasive group B streptococcal isolates from south-west Sweden 1988-2001.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02008;40(4):308\'96313.\
60. Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Keller\'a0N,\'a0Barth\'a0A,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Clinical prevalence, antimicrobial susceptibility, and geographic resistance patterns of enterococci: results from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997-1999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):S133\'96S145.\
61. Holmberg\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0Antimicrobial in\'a0vitro susceptibility of Actinomyces israelii and Arachnia propionica.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01977;9(1):40\'9645.\
62. Vitas\'a0A.I,\'a0Sanchez\'a0R.M,\'a0Aguado\'a0V,\'a0Garcia-Jalon\'a0I.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of Listeria monocytogenes isolated from food and clinical cases in Navarra, Spain.\'a0J Food Prot.\'a02007;70(10):2402\'962406.\
63. Mohammed\'a0M.J,\'a0Marston\'a0C.K,\'a0Popovic\'a0T,\'a0Weyant\'a0R.S,\'a0Tenover\'a0F.C.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Bacillus anthracis: comparison of results obtained by using the National Committee for Clinical Laboratory Standards broth microdilution reference and Etest agar gradient diffusion methods.\'a0J Clin Microbiol.\'a02002;40(6):1902\'961907.\
64. Frean\'a0J,\'a0Klugman\'a0K.P,\'a0Arntzen\'a0L,\'a0Bukofzer\'a0S.\'a0Susceptibility of Bacillus anthracis to eleven antimicrobial agents including novel fluoroquinolones and a ketolide.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(2):297\'96299.\
65. Hernandez\'a0E,\'a0Girardet\'a0M,\'a0Ramisse\'a0F,\'a0Vidal\'a0D,\'a0Cavallo\'a0J.D.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibilities of 94 isolates of Yersinia pestis to 24 antimicrobial agents.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(6):1029\'961031.\
66. Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Vinh\'a0D.X,\'a0Nguyen\'a0T.T,\'a0Wain\'a0J,\'a0Thung\'a0D,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibilities of strains of Yersinia pestis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(9):2153\'962154.\
67. Schonberg-Norio\'a0D,\'a0Hanninen\'a0M.L,\'a0Katila\'a0M.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Activities of telithromycin, erythromycin, fluoroquinolones, and doxycycline against Campylobacter strains isolated from Finnish subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(3):1086\'961088.\
68. Morris\'a0Jr.\'a0J.G.\'a0Black RE. Cholera and other vibrioses in the United States.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01985;312(6):343\'96350.\
69. Ottaviani\'a0D,\'a0Bacchiocchi\'a0I,\'a0Masini\'a0L,\'a0et al.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of potentially pathogenic halophilic vibrios isolated from seafood.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;18(2):135\'96140.\
70. Midani\'a0S,\'a0Rathore\'a0M.H.\'a0Vibrio species infection of a catfish spine puncture wound.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01994;13(4):333\'96334.\
71. Fernandez-Cuenca\'a0F,\'a0Tomas-Carmona\'a0M,\'a0Caballero-Moyano\'a0F,\'a0et al.\'a0[In vitro activity of 18 antimicrobial agents against clinical isolates of Acinetobacter spp.: multicenter national study GEIH-REIPI-Ab 2010.].\'a0Enferm Infecc Microbiol Clin.\'a02012.\
72. Jenney\'a0A.W,\'a0Lum\'a0G,\'a0Fisher\'a0D.A,\'a0Currie\'a0B.J.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibility of Burkholderia pseudomallei from tropical northern Australia and implications for therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;17(2):109\'96113.\
73. Nicodemo\'a0A.C,\'a0Araujo\'a0M.R,\'a0Ruiz\'a0A.S,\'a0Gales\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia isolates: comparison of disc diffusion, Etest and agar dilution methods.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02004;53(4):604\'96608.\
74. Janda\'a0J.M,\'a0Guthertz\'a0L.S,\'a0Kokka\'a0R.P,\'a0Shimada\'a0T.\'a0Aeromonas species in septicemia: laboratory characteristics and clinical observations.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01994;19(1):77\'9683.\
75. Flamm\'a0R.K,\'a0Castanheira\'a0M,\'a0Streit\'a0J.M,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Minocycline activity tested against Acinetobacter baumannii complex, Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, and Burkholderia cepacia species complex isolates from a global surveillance program (2013).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02016;85(3):352\'96355.\
76. Li\'a0X.Z,\'a0Livermore\'a0D.M,\'a0Nikaido\'a0H.\'a0Role of efflux pump(s) in intrinsic resistance of Pseudomonas aeruginosa: resistance to tetracycline, chloramphenicol, and norfloxacin.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(8):1732\'961741.\'a0Page 351.e2.\
77. Schaumann\'a0R,\'a0Ackermann\'a0G,\'a0Pless\'a0B,\'a0Claros\'a0M.C,\'a0Goldstein\'a0E.J,\'a0Rodloff\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of fourteen antimicrobial agents against obligately anaerobic bacteria.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(3):225\'96232.\
78. Baykam\'a0N,\'a0Esener\'a0H,\'a0Ergonul\'a0O,\'a0Eren\'a0S,\'a0Celikbas\'a0A.K,\'a0Dokuzoguz\'a0B.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibility of Brucella species.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):405\'96407.\
79. Dorbecker\'a0C,\'a0Sander\'a0A,\'a0Oberle\'a0K,\'a0Schulin-Casonato\'a0T.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Bartonella species to 17 antimicrobial compounds: comparison of Etest and agar dilution.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(4):784\'96788.\
80. Bebear\'a0C,\'a0Pereyre\'a0S,\'a0Peuchant\'a0O.\'a0Mycoplasma pneumoniae: susceptibility and resistance to antibiotics.\'a0Future Microbiology.\'a02011;6(4):423\'96431.\
81. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Bryskier\'a0A,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0Comparative activities of telithromycin (HMR 3647), levofloxacin, and other antimicrobial agents against human mycoplasmas.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(7):1980\'961982.\
82. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Charron\'a0A,\'a0Gruson\'a0D,\'a0Lefrancois\'a0M,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of trovafloxacin compared to those of five antimicrobials against mycoplasmas including Mycoplasma hominis and Ureaplasma urealyticum fluoroquinolone-resistant isolates that have been genetically characterized.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(9):2557\'962560.\
83. Schulin\'a0T,\'a0Wennersten\'a0C.B,\'a0Ferraro\'a0M.J,\'a0Moellering\'a0Jr.\'a0R.C,\'a0Eliopoulos\'a0G.M.\'a0Susceptibilities of Legionella spp. to newer antimicrobials in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01998;42(6):1520\'961523.\
84. Critchley\'a0I.A,\'a0Jones\'a0M.E,\'a0Heinze\'a0P.D,\'a0et al.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of levofloxacin against contemporary clinical isolates of Legionella pneumophila, Mycoplasma pneumoniae and Chlamydia pneumoniae from North America and Europe.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02002;8(4):214\'96221.\
85. Roblin\'a0P.M,\'a0Hammerschlag\'a0M.R.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of GAR-936 against Chlamydia pneumoniae and Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(1):61\'9663.\
86. Butaye\'a0P,\'a0Ducatelle\'a0R,\'a0De Backer\'a0P,\'a0Vermeersch\'a0H,\'a0Remon\'a0J.P,\'a0Haesebrouck\'a0F.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of doxycycline and enrofloxacin against European Chlamydia psittaci strains from turkeys.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01997;41(12):2800\'962801.\
87. Samra\'a0Z,\'a0Rosenberg\'a0S,\'a0Soffer\'a0Y,\'a0Dan\'a0M.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of recent clinical isolates of Chlamydia trachomatis to macrolides and tetracyclines.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02001;39(3):177\'96179.\
88. Wormser\'a0G.P,\'a0Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Dattwyler\'a0R.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Practice guidelines for the treatment of Lyme disease. The infectious diseases society of America.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02000;31(Suppl 1):1\'9614.\
89. Ates\'a0L,\'a0Hanssen-Hubner\'a0C,\'a0Norris\'a0D.E,\'a0Richter\'a0D,\'a0Kraiczy\'a0P,\'a0Hunfeld\'a0K.P.\'a0Comparison of in\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline, doxycycline, and tetracycline against the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi.\'a0Ticks Tick Borne Dis.\'a02010;1(1):30\'9634.\
90. Murray\'a0C.K,\'a0Ellis\'a0M.W,\'a0Hospenthal\'a0D.R.\'a0Susceptibility of Leptospira serovars to antimalarial agents.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02004;71(5):685\'96686.\
91. Norris\'a0S.J,\'a0Edmondson\'a0D.G.\'a0In\'a0vitro culture system to determine MICs and MBCs of antimicrobial agents against Treponema pallidum subsp. pallidum (Nichols strain).\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01988;32(1):68\'9674.\
92. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Roussellier\'a0P,\'a0Vestris\'a0G,\'a0Tamalet\'a0J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antibiotic susceptibility of Rickettsia rickettsii and Rickettsia conorii: plaque assay and microplaque colorimetric assay.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01987;155(5):1059\'961062.\
93. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Drancourt\'a0M.\'a0Antimicrobial therapy of rickettsial diseases.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01991;35(12):2457\'962462.\
94. Branger\'a0S,\'a0Rolain\'a0J.M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Evaluation of antibiotic susceptibilities of Ehrlichia canis, Ehrlichia chaffeensis, and Anaplasma phagocytophilum by real-time PCR.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02004;48(12):4822\'964828.\
95. Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J.\'a0Clinical and taxonomic status of pathogenic nonpigmented or late-pigmenting rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a02002;15(4):716\'96746.\
96. Uslan\'a0D.Z,\'a0Kowalski\'a0T.J,\'a0Wengenack\'a0N.L,\'a0Virk\'a0A,\'a0Wilson\'a0J.W.\'a0Skin and soft tissue infections due to rapidly growing mycobacteria: comparison of clinical features, treatment, and susceptibility.\'a0Archives of Dermatology.\'a02006;142(10):1287\'961292.\
97. Wallace\'a0R.J,\'a0Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Crist\'a0C.J,\'a0Mann\'a0L,\'a0Wilson\'a0R.W.\'a0Comparison of the in\'a0vitro activity of the glycylcycline tigecycline (Formerly GAR-936) with those of tetracycline, minocycline, and doxycycline against isolates of nontuberculous mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02002;46(10):3164\'963167.\
98. Rhomberg\'a0P.R,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of 11 antimicrobial agents, including gatifloxacin and GAR936, tested against clinical isolates of Mycobacterium marinum.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02002;42(2):145\'96147.\
99. da Silva Telles\'a0M.A,\'a0Chimara\'a0E,\'a0Ferrazoli\'a0L,\'a0Riley\'a0L.W.\'a0Mycobacterium kansasii: antibiotic susceptibility and PCR-restriction analysis of clinical isolates.\'a0J Med Microbiol.\'a02005;54(Pt 10):975\'96979.\
100. Balabanova\'a0Y,\'a0Ruddy\'a0M,\'a0Hubb\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in Russia: clinical characteristics, analysis of second-line drug resistance and development of standardized therapy.\'a0Eur J Clin Microbiol.\'a02005;24(2):136\'96139.\
101. Walker\'a0N.F,\'a0Clark\'a0S.O,\'a0Oni\'a0T,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline and HIV infection suppress tuberculosis-induced matrix metalloproteinases.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02012;185(9):989\'96997.\
102. Brown\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J,\'a0Onyi\'a0G.\'a0Activities of the glycylcyclines N,N-dimethylglycylamido-minocycline and N,N-dimethylglycylamido-6-demethyl-6-deoxytetracycline against Nocardia spp. and tetracycline-resistant isolates of rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01996;40(4):874\'96878.\
103. Cercenado\'a0E,\'a0Marin\'a0M,\'a0Sanchez-Martinez\'a0M,\'a0Cuevas\'a0O,\'a0Martinez-Alarcon\'a0J,\'a0Bouza\'a0E.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline and eight other antimicrobials against different Nocardia species identified by molecular methods.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02007;51(3):1102\'961104.\
104. Chang\'a0H.R,\'a0Comte\'a0R,\'a0Pechere\'a0J.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro and in\'a0vivo effects of doxycycline on Toxoplasma gondii.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01990;34(5):775\'96780.\
105. Edlind\'a0T.D.\'a0Tetracyclines as antiparasitic agents: lipophilic derivatives are highly active against Giardia lamblia in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(12):2144\'962145.\
106. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hawkey\'a0P.M,\'a0Hinton\'a0M.\'a0Tetracyclines, molecular and clinical aspects.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01992;29(3):245\'96277.\
107. Metlay\'a0J.P,\'a0Waterer\'a0G.W,\'a0Long\'a0A.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Diagnosis and treatment of adults with community-acquired pneumonia. An official clinical practice guideline of the American Thoracic Society and Infectious Diseases Society of America.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02019;200(7):e45\'96e67.\
108. Choi\'a0S.H,\'a0Cesar\'a0A,\'a0Snow\'a0T.A.C,\'a0Saleem\'a0N,\'a0Arulkumaran\'a0N,\'a0Singer\'a0M.\'a0Efficacy of doxycycline for mild-to-moderate community-acquired pneumonia in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02022.\
109. Klein\'a0N.C,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Treatment of legionnaires\'92 disease.\'a0Semin Respir Infect.\'a01998;13(2):140\'96146.\
110. Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0The atypical pneumonias: clinical diagnosis and importance.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02006;12(Suppl 3):12\'9624.\
111. Shames\'a0J.M,\'a0George\'a0R.B,\'a0Holliday\'a0W.B,\'a0Rasch\'a0J.R,\'a0Mogabgab\'a0W.J.\'a0Comparison of antibiotics in the treatment of mycoplasmal pneumonia.\'a0Arch Intern Med.\'a01970;125(4):680\'96684.\
112. Jawetz\'a0E.\'a0Chemotherapy of chlamydial infections.\'a0Adv Pharmacol Chemother.\'a01969;7:253\'96282.\
113. Yung\'a0A.P,\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L.\'a0Psittacosis--a review of 135 cases.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01988;148(5):228\'96233.\
114. Khatib\'a0R,\'a0Thirumoorthi\'a0M.C,\'a0Kelly\'a0B,\'a0Grady\'a0K.J.\'a0Severe psittacosis during pregnancy and suppression of antibody response with early therapy.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01995;27(5):519\'96521.\
115. Lindenbaum\'a0J,\'a0Greenough\'a0W.B,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Antibiotic therapy of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01967;36(6):871\'96883.\
116. McCormack\'a0W.M,\'a0Chowdhury\'a0A.M,\'a0Jahangir\'a0N,\'a0Ahmed\'a0A.B,\'a0Mosley\'a0W.H.\'a0Tetracycline prophylaxis in families of cholera patients.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01968;38(5):787\'96792.\
117. Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Single dose tetracycline in cholera.\'a0Gut.\'a01987;28(8):1029\'961032.\
118. Rabbani\'a0G.H,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R,\'a0Butler\'a0T,\'a0Shahrier\'a0M,\'a0Alam\'a0K.\'a0Single-dose treatment of cholera with furazolidone or tetracycline in a double-blind randomized trial.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(9):1447\'961450.\
119. De\'a0S,\'a0Chaudhuri\'a0A,\'a0Dutta\'a0P,\'a0Dutta\'a0D,\'a0De\'a0S.P,\'a0Pal\'a0S.C.\'a0Doxycycline in the treatment of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01976;54(2):177\'96179.\
120. Yamamoto\'a0T,\'a0Nair\'a0G.B,\'a0Albert\'a0M.J,\'a0Parodi\'a0C.C,\'a0Takeda\'a0Y.\'a0Survey of in\'a0vitro susceptibilities of Vibrio cholerae O1 and O139 to antimicrobial agents.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(1):241\'96244.\
121. Gisbert\'a0J.P,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Gomollon\'a0F,\'a0Sainz\'a0R.\'a0[Treatment for the eradication of Helicobacter pylori. Recommendations of the Spanish consensus conference].\'a0Medicina Clinica.\'a02000;114(5):185\'96195.\
122. Gene\'a0E,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Azagra\'a0R,\'a0Gisbert\'a0J.P.\'a0Triple vs. quadruple therapy for treating Helicobacter pylori infection: a meta-analysis.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02003;17(9):1137\'961143.\
123. Cammarota\'a0G,\'a0Martino\'a0A,\'a0Pirozzi\'a0G,\'a0et al.\'a0High efficacy of 1-week doxycycline- and amoxicillin-based quadruple regimen in a culture-guided, third-line treatment approach for Helicobacter pylori infection.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02004;19(7):789\'96795.\
124. Sack\'a0D.A,\'a0Kaminsky\'a0D.C,\'a0Sack\'a0R.B,\'a0et al.\'a0Prophylactic doxycycline for travelers\'92 diarrhea. Results of a prospective double-blind study of Peace Corps volunteers in Kenya.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01978;298(14):758\'96763.\
125. Doernberg\'a0S.B,\'a0Winston\'a0L.G,\'a0Deck\'a0D.H,\'a0Chambers\'a0H.F.\'a0Does doxycycline protect against development of Clostridium difficile infection?\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02012;55(5):615\'96620.\
126. Baxter\'a0R,\'a0Ray\'a0G.T,\'a0Fireman\'a0B.H.\'a0Case-control study of antibiotic use and subsequent Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea in hospitalized patients.\'a0Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol.\'a02008;29(1):44\'9650.\
127. Tariq\'a0R,\'a0Cho\'a0J,\'a0Kapoor\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0Low risk of primary Clostridium difficile infection with tetracyclines: a systematic review and Metaanalysis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02018;66(4):514\'96522.\
128. Workowski\'a0K.A,\'a0Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Chan\'a0P.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021.\'a0MMWR Recommendations and Reports.\'a02021;70(4):1\'96187.\
129. Lau\'a0C.Y,\'a0Qureshi\'a0A.K.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for genital chlamydial infections: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a02002;29(9):497\'96502.\
130. Geisler\'a0W.M,\'a0Uniyal\'a0A,\'a0Lee\'a0J.Y,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for urogenital Chlamydia trachomatis infection.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02015;373(26):2512\'962521.\
131. Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Stephens\'a0J,\'a0Richey\'a0C.M,\'a0Hook\'a0E.W.\'a03rd. Measured versus self-reported compliance with doxycycline therapy for chlamydia-associated syndromes: high therapeutic success rates despite poor compliance.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a01999;26(5):272\'96278.\
132. Lau\'a0A,\'a0Kong\'a0F.Y.S,\'a0Fairley\'a0C.K,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin or doxycycline for asymptomatic rectal Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02021;384(25):2418\'962427.\
133. Dombrowski\'a0J.C,\'a0Wierzbicki\'a0M.R,\'a0Newman\'a0L.M,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of Rectal Chlamydia in men who have sex with men: a randomized controlled trial.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02021;73(5):824\'96831.\
134. Peuchant\'a0O,\'a0Lhomme\'a0E,\'a0Martinet\'a0P,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of anorectal Chlamydia trachomatis infection in women concurrent with vaginal infection (CHLAZIDOXY study): a multicentre, open-label, randomised, controlled, superiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02022;22(8):1221\'961230.\
Page 351.e1\
References\
1. Duggar\'a0B.M.\'a0Aureomycin: a product of the continuing search for new antibiotics.\'a0Ann NY Acad Sci.\'a01948;51(2):177\'96181.\
2. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Tetracycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:843\'96850.\
3. Sabundayo\'a0B.P,\'a0Standiford\'a0H.C.\'a0Tetracyclines and analogues.\'a0In:\'a0Yu\'a0V.L,\'a0Edwards\'a0G,\'a0McKinnon\'a0P.S,\'a0Peolquin\'a0C,\'a0Morse\'a0G.D,\'a0eds.\'a0Antimicrobial Therapy and Vaccines, 2nd Edition. Vol II: Antimicrobial Agents.\'a02nd ed.\'a0Pittsburgh, PA:\'a0ESun Technologies LLC;\'a02005:461\'96476.\
4. Levy\'a0S.B,\'a0FitzGerald\'a0G.B,\'a0Macone\'a0A.B.\'a0Changes in intestinal flora of farm personnel after introduction of a tetracycline-supplemented feed on a farm.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01976;295(11):583\'96588.\
5. DuPont\'a0H,\'a0Steele\'a0J.H.\'a0Use of antimicrobial agents in animal feeds: implications for human health.\'a0Rev of Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(3):447\'96460.\
6. Thaker\'a0M,\'a0Spanogiannopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0The tetracycline resistome.\'a0Cell Mol Life Sci.\'a02010;67(3):419\'96431.\
7. Perks\'a0W.H,\'a0Walters\'a0E.H,\'a0Tams\'a0I.P,\'a0Prowse\'a0K.\'a0Demeclocycline in the treatment of the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone.\'a0Thorax.\'a01979;34(3):324\'96327.\
8. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Roberts\'a0M.\'a0Tetracycline antibiotics: mode of action, applications, molecular biology, and epidemiology of bacterial resistance.\'a0MMBR.\'a02001;65(2):232\'96260.\
9. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hacker\'a0K.\'a0Inhibition of K88-mediated adhesion of Escherichia coli to mammalian receptors by antibiotics that affect bacterial protein synthesis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01986;18(4):441\'96451.\
10. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Doxycycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:851\'96869.\
11. Dahl\'a0E.L,\'a0Shock\'a0J.L,\'a0Shenai\'a0B.R,\'a0Gut\'a0J,\'a0DeRisi\'a0J.L,\'a0Rosenthal\'a0P.J.\'a0Tetracyclines specifically target the apicoplast of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(9):3124\'963131.\
12. Ribush\'a0N,\'a0Morgan\'a0T.\'a0Tetracyclines and renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01972;1(2):53\'9655.\
13. Kunin\'a0C.M.\'a0A guide to use of antibiotics in patients with renal disease. A table of recommended doses and factors governing serum levels.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01967;67(1):151\'96158.\
14. Heaney\'a0D,\'a0Eknoyan\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline and doxycycline kinetics in chronic renal failure.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01978;24(2):233\'96239.\
15. Whelton\'a0A,\'a0Schach von Wittenau\'a0M,\'a0Twomey\'a0T.M,\'a0Walker\'a0W.G,\'a0Bianchine\'a0J.R.\'a0Doxycycline pharmacokinetics in the absence of renal function.\'a0Kidney Int.\'a01974;5(5):365\'96371.\
16. Thiim\'a0M,\'a0Friedman\'a0L.S.\'a0Hepatotoxicity of antibiotics and antifungals.\'a0Clinics in Liver Disease.\'a02003;7(2):381\'96399\'a0vi-vii.\
17. Horrevorts\'a0A,\'a0Pluim\'a0M.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:870\'96880.\
18. Carney\'a0S,\'a0Butcher\'a0R.A,\'a0Dawborn\'a0J.K,\'a0Pattison\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline excretion and distribution in relation to renal function in man.\'a0Clin Exp Pharmacol.\'a01974;1(4):299\'96308.\
19. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Shaw\'a0W.R,\'a0Uman\'a0S.J,\'a0Tse\'a0F.L,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of minocycline in renal failure.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;8(5):532\'96537.\
20. Bernard\'a0B,\'a0Yin\'a0E.J,\'a0Simon\'a0H.J.\'a0Clinical pharmacologic studies with minocycline.\'a0The J Clin Pharmacol.\'a01971;11(5):332\'96348.\
21. George\'a0C.R,\'a0Guinness\'a0M.D,\'a0Lark\'a0D.J,\'a0Evans\'a0R.A.\'a0Minocycline toxicity in renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01973;1(13):640\'96641.\
22. Jonas\'a0M,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0Ther Drug Monit.\'a01982;4(2):137\'96145.\
23. Wood\'a0M.J,\'a0Farrell\'a0W,\'a0Kattan\'a0S,\'a0Williams\'a0J.D.\'a0Activity of minocycline and tetracycline against respiratory pathogens related to blood levels.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01975;1(3):323\'96331.\
24. Sklenar\'a0I,\'a0Spring\'a0P,\'a0Dettli\'a0L.\'a0One-dose and multiple-dose kinetics of minocycline in patients with renal disease.\'a0Agents and Actions.\'a01977;7(3):369\'96377.\
25. Smith\'a0C,\'a0Woods\'a0C.G,\'a0Woods\'a0M.J.\'a0Absorption of minocycline.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01984;13(1):93.\
26. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Koch\'a0P.A,\'a0Lau\'a0C.C,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Bioavailability of tetracycline and doxycycline in fasted and nonfasted subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(3):462\'96469.\
27. Neuvonen\'a0P.J.\'a0Interactions with the absorption of tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a01976;11(1):45\'9654.\
28. Agwuh\'a0K.N,\'a0MacGowan\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of the tetracyclines including glycylcyclines.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(2):256\'96265.\
29. Fabre\'a0J,\'a0Milek\'a0E,\'a0Kalfopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Merier\'a0G.\'a0[Kinetics of tetracyclines in human. II. Excretion, penetration into normal and inflammed tissues, behavior in a case of renal insufficiency and in hemodialysis].\'a0Schweiz Med Wochenschr.\'a01971;101(18):625\'96633.\
30. Macdonald\'a0H,\'a0Kelly\'a0R.G,\'a0Allen\'a0E.S,\'a0Noble\'a0J.F,\'a0Kanegis\'a0L.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetic studies on minocycline in man.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01973;14(5):852\'96861.\
31. Lundberg\'a0C,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentration of penicillin V and tetracycline in maxillary sinus secretion after repeated doses.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(2):123\'96133.\
32. Ruhen\'a0R.W,\'a0Tandon\'a0M.K.\'a0Comparative effectiveness of tetracycline, minocycline and doxycycline in treatment of acute-on-chronic bronchitis. A study based on sputum levels.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01976;1(6):151\'96153.\
33. Chow\'a0A.W,\'a0Jewesson\'a0P.J.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and safety of antimicrobial agents during pregnancy.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01985;7(3):287\'96313.\
34. Alestig\'a0K.\'a0Studies on doxycycline during intravenous and oral treatment with reference to renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(3):193\'96198.\
35. Andersson\'a0K.E,\'a0Mardh\'a0P.A,\'a0Akerlund\'a0M.\'a0Passage of doxycycline into extracellular fluid.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):7\'9611.\
36. Eliasson\'a0R,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentrations of doxycycline in human seminal plasma.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):32\'9636.\
37. Lode\'a0H.\'a0Penetration of antibiotics into the pleural fluid.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01979;5(2):122\'96124.\
38. Schreiner\'a0A,\'a0Digranes\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of lymecycline and doxycycline in serum and suction blister fluid.\'a0Chemotherapy.\'a01985;31(4):261\'96265.\
39. Marlin\'a0G.E,\'a0Cheng\'a0S,\'a0Thompson\'a0P.J.\'a0Sputum and plasma doxycycline concentrations after a single oral 600 mg doxycycline dose in patients with chronic bronchitis.\'a0Eur J Respir Dis.\'a01981;62(4):276\'96280.\
40. Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0The detection of doxycycline activity in human bone.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):47\'9653.\
41. Gnarpe\'a0H,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Hagg\'a0O.\'a0Doxycycline concentration levels in bone, soft tissue and serum after intravenous infusion of doxycycline. A clinical study.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):54\'9657.\
42. Bystedt\'a0H,\'a0A\'a0D.A,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E.\'a0Concentrations of azidocillin, erythromycin, doxycycline and clindamycin in human mandibular bone.\'a0Int J Oral Surg.\'a01978;7(5):442\'96449.\
43. Dotevall\'a0L,\'a0Hagberg\'a0L.\'a0Penetration of doxycycline into cerebrospinal fluid in patients treated for suspected Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(7):1078\'961080.\
44. Yim\'a0C.W,\'a0Flynn\'a0N.M,\'a0Fitzgerald\'a0F.T.\'a0Penetration of oral doxycycline into the cerebrospinal fluid of patients with latent or neurosyphilis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01985;28(2):347\'96348.\
45. Nikaido\'a0H,\'a0Thanassi\'a0D.G.\'a0Penetration of lipophilic agents with multiple protonation sites into bacterial cells: tetracyclines and fluoroquinolones as examples.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01993;37(7):1393\'961399.\
46. Bergogne-Berezin\'a0E,\'a0Lambert-Zechovsky\'a0N,\'a0Morel\'a0C.\'a0[Pharmacokinetics of antibiotics in bronchial secretions. 250 cases].\'a0La Nouvelle Presse Medicale.\'a01977;6(38):3548.\
47. Hensle\'a0T.W,\'a0Prout\'a0GR.\'a0J.r,\'a0Griffin\'a0P.\'a0Minocycline diffusion into benign prostatic hyperplasia.\'a0The Journal of Urology.\'a01977;118(4):609\'96611.\
48. Hoeprich\'a0P.D,\'a0Warshauer\'a0D.M.\'a0Entry of four tetracyclines into saliva and tears.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01974;5(3):330\'96336.\
49. Steigbigel\'a0N.H,\'a0Reed\'a0C.W,\'a0Finland\'a0M.\'a0Absorption and excretion of five tetracycline analogues in normal young men.\'a0The American Journal of the Medical Sciences.\'a01968;255:296\'96312.\
50. Mahon\'a0W.A,\'a0Johnson\'a0G.E,\'a0Endrenyl\'a0L,\'a0Kelly\'a0M.F,\'a0Fenton\'a0S.S.\'a0The elimination of tritiated doxycycline in normal subjects and in patients with severely impaired renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):24\'9631.\
51. Saivin\'a0S,\'a0Houin\'a0G.\'a0Clinical pharmacokinetics of doxycycline and minocycline.\'a0Clin Pharmacokinet.\'a01988;15(6):355\'96366.\
52. CLSI, .\'a0Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; Thirty-Second Informational Supplement.\'a0Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute;\'a02022.\
53. Diekema\'a0D.J,\'a0Pfaller\'a0M.A,\'a0Schmitz\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Survey of infections due to Staphylococcus species: frequency of occurrence and antimicrobial susceptibility of isolates collected in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, and the Western Pacific Region for the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997\'961999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):114\'96132.\
54. Holmes\'a0R.L,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0J.H.\'a0Inhibitory activities of 11 antimicrobial agents and bactericidal activities of vancomycin and daptomycin against invasive methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates obtained from 1999 through 2006.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(2):757\'96760.\
55. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Palatnick\'a0L,\'a0Nichol\'a0K.A,\'a0Bellyou\'a0T,\'a0Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance in respiratory tract Streptococcus pneumoniae isolates: results of the Canadian Respiratory Organism Susceptibility Study, 1997 to 2002.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(6):1867\'961874.\
56. Koeth\'a0L.M,\'a0Felmingham\'a0D,\'a0Jacobs\'a0M.R,\'a0Rossi\'a0F.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae in Sao Paulo, Brazil from 1996 to 2000.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):356\'96361.\
57. Jones\'a0R.N,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R.\'a0Doxycycline use for community-acquired pneumonia: contemporary in\'a0vitro spectrum of activity against Streptococcus pneumoniae (1999-2002).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02004;49(2):147\'96149.\
58. Wimmerstedt\'a0A,\'a0Kahlmeter\'a0G.\'a0Associated antimicrobial resistance in Escherichia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus pyogenes.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02008;14(4):315\'96321.\
59. Persson\'a0E,\'a0Berg\'a0S,\'a0Bergseng\'a0H,\'a0Bergh\'a0K,\'a0Valso-Lyng\'a0R,\'a0Trollfors\'a0B.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of invasive group B streptococcal isolates from south-west Sweden 1988-2001.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02008;40(4):308\'96313.\
60. Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Keller\'a0N,\'a0Barth\'a0A,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Clinical prevalence, antimicrobial susceptibility, and geographic resistance patterns of enterococci: results from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997-1999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):S133\'96S145.\
61. Holmberg\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0Antimicrobial in\'a0vitro susceptibility of Actinomyces israelii and Arachnia propionica.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01977;9(1):40\'9645.\
62. Vitas\'a0A.I,\'a0Sanchez\'a0R.M,\'a0Aguado\'a0V,\'a0Garcia-Jalon\'a0I.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of Listeria monocytogenes isolated from food and clinical cases in Navarra, Spain.\'a0J Food Prot.\'a02007;70(10):2402\'962406.\
63. Mohammed\'a0M.J,\'a0Marston\'a0C.K,\'a0Popovic\'a0T,\'a0Weyant\'a0R.S,\'a0Tenover\'a0F.C.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Bacillus anthracis: comparison of results obtained by using the National Committee for Clinical Laboratory Standards broth microdilution reference and Etest agar gradient diffusion methods.\'a0J Clin Microbiol.\'a02002;40(6):1902\'961907.\
64. Frean\'a0J,\'a0Klugman\'a0K.P,\'a0Arntzen\'a0L,\'a0Bukofzer\'a0S.\'a0Susceptibility of Bacillus anthracis to eleven antimicrobial agents including novel fluoroquinolones and a ketolide.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(2):297\'96299.\
65. Hernandez\'a0E,\'a0Girardet\'a0M,\'a0Ramisse\'a0F,\'a0Vidal\'a0D,\'a0Cavallo\'a0J.D.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibilities of 94 isolates of Yersinia pestis to 24 antimicrobial agents.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(6):1029\'961031.\
66. Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Vinh\'a0D.X,\'a0Nguyen\'a0T.T,\'a0Wain\'a0J,\'a0Thung\'a0D,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibilities of strains of Yersinia pestis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(9):2153\'962154.\
67. Schonberg-Norio\'a0D,\'a0Hanninen\'a0M.L,\'a0Katila\'a0M.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Activities of telithromycin, erythromycin, fluoroquinolones, and doxycycline against Campylobacter strains isolated from Finnish subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(3):1086\'961088.\
68. Morris\'a0Jr.\'a0J.G.\'a0Black RE. Cholera and other vibrioses in the United States.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01985;312(6):343\'96350.\
69. Ottaviani\'a0D,\'a0Bacchiocchi\'a0I,\'a0Masini\'a0L,\'a0et al.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of potentially pathogenic halophilic vibrios isolated from seafood.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;18(2):135\'96140.\
70. Midani\'a0S,\'a0Rathore\'a0M.H.\'a0Vibrio species infection of a catfish spine puncture wound.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01994;13(4):333\'96334.\
71. Fernandez-Cuenca\'a0F,\'a0Tomas-Carmona\'a0M,\'a0Caballero-Moyano\'a0F,\'a0et al.\'a0[In vitro activity of 18 antimicrobial agents against clinical isolates of Acinetobacter spp.: multicenter national study GEIH-REIPI-Ab 2010.].\'a0Enferm Infecc Microbiol Clin.\'a02012.\
72. Jenney\'a0A.W,\'a0Lum\'a0G,\'a0Fisher\'a0D.A,\'a0Currie\'a0B.J.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibility of Burkholderia pseudomallei from tropical northern Australia and implications for therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;17(2):109\'96113.\
73. Nicodemo\'a0A.C,\'a0Araujo\'a0M.R,\'a0Ruiz\'a0A.S,\'a0Gales\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia isolates: comparison of disc diffusion, Etest and agar dilution methods.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02004;53(4):604\'96608.\
74. Janda\'a0J.M,\'a0Guthertz\'a0L.S,\'a0Kokka\'a0R.P,\'a0Shimada\'a0T.\'a0Aeromonas species in septicemia: laboratory characteristics and clinical observations.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01994;19(1):77\'9683.\
75. Flamm\'a0R.K,\'a0Castanheira\'a0M,\'a0Streit\'a0J.M,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Minocycline activity tested against Acinetobacter baumannii complex, Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, and Burkholderia cepacia species complex isolates from a global surveillance program (2013).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02016;85(3):352\'96355.\
76. Li\'a0X.Z,\'a0Livermore\'a0D.M,\'a0Nikaido\'a0H.\'a0Role of efflux pump(s) in intrinsic resistance of Pseudomonas aeruginosa: resistance to tetracycline, chloramphenicol, and norfloxacin.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(8):1732\'961741.\'a0Page 351.e2.\
77. Schaumann\'a0R,\'a0Ackermann\'a0G,\'a0Pless\'a0B,\'a0Claros\'a0M.C,\'a0Goldstein\'a0E.J,\'a0Rodloff\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of fourteen antimicrobial agents against obligately anaerobic bacteria.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(3):225\'96232.\
78. Baykam\'a0N,\'a0Esener\'a0H,\'a0Ergonul\'a0O,\'a0Eren\'a0S,\'a0Celikbas\'a0A.K,\'a0Dokuzoguz\'a0B.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibility of Brucella species.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):405\'96407.\
79. Dorbecker\'a0C,\'a0Sander\'a0A,\'a0Oberle\'a0K,\'a0Schulin-Casonato\'a0T.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Bartonella species to 17 antimicrobial compounds: comparison of Etest and agar dilution.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(4):784\'96788.\
80. Bebear\'a0C,\'a0Pereyre\'a0S,\'a0Peuchant\'a0O.\'a0Mycoplasma pneumoniae: susceptibility and resistance to antibiotics.\'a0Future Microbiology.\'a02011;6(4):423\'96431.\
81. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Bryskier\'a0A,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0Comparative activities of telithromycin (HMR 3647), levofloxacin, and other antimicrobial agents against human mycoplasmas.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(7):1980\'961982.\
82. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Charron\'a0A,\'a0Gruson\'a0D,\'a0Lefrancois\'a0M,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of trovafloxacin compared to those of five antimicrobials against mycoplasmas including Mycoplasma hominis and Ureaplasma urealyticum fluoroquinolone-resistant isolates that have been genetically characterized.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(9):2557\'962560.\
83. Schulin\'a0T,\'a0Wennersten\'a0C.B,\'a0Ferraro\'a0M.J,\'a0Moellering\'a0Jr.\'a0R.C,\'a0Eliopoulos\'a0G.M.\'a0Susceptibilities of Legionella spp. to newer antimicrobials in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01998;42(6):1520\'961523.\
84. Critchley\'a0I.A,\'a0Jones\'a0M.E,\'a0Heinze\'a0P.D,\'a0et al.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of levofloxacin against contemporary clinical isolates of Legionella pneumophila, Mycoplasma pneumoniae and Chlamydia pneumoniae from North America and Europe.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02002;8(4):214\'96221.\
85. Roblin\'a0P.M,\'a0Hammerschlag\'a0M.R.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of GAR-936 against Chlamydia pneumoniae and Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(1):61\'9663.\
86. Butaye\'a0P,\'a0Ducatelle\'a0R,\'a0De Backer\'a0P,\'a0Vermeersch\'a0H,\'a0Remon\'a0J.P,\'a0Haesebrouck\'a0F.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of doxycycline and enrofloxacin against European Chlamydia psittaci strains from turkeys.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01997;41(12):2800\'962801.\
87. Samra\'a0Z,\'a0Rosenberg\'a0S,\'a0Soffer\'a0Y,\'a0Dan\'a0M.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of recent clinical isolates of Chlamydia trachomatis to macrolides and tetracyclines.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02001;39(3):177\'96179.\
88. Wormser\'a0G.P,\'a0Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Dattwyler\'a0R.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Practice guidelines for the treatment of Lyme disease. The infectious diseases society of America.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02000;31(Suppl 1):1\'9614.\
89. Ates\'a0L,\'a0Hanssen-Hubner\'a0C,\'a0Norris\'a0D.E,\'a0Richter\'a0D,\'a0Kraiczy\'a0P,\'a0Hunfeld\'a0K.P.\'a0Comparison of in\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline, doxycycline, and tetracycline against the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi.\'a0Ticks Tick Borne Dis.\'a02010;1(1):30\'9634.\
90. Murray\'a0C.K,\'a0Ellis\'a0M.W,\'a0Hospenthal\'a0D.R.\'a0Susceptibility of Leptospira serovars to antimalarial agents.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02004;71(5):685\'96686.\
91. Norris\'a0S.J,\'a0Edmondson\'a0D.G.\'a0In\'a0vitro culture system to determine MICs and MBCs of antimicrobial agents against Treponema pallidum subsp. pallidum (Nichols strain).\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01988;32(1):68\'9674.\
92. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Roussellier\'a0P,\'a0Vestris\'a0G,\'a0Tamalet\'a0J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antibiotic susceptibility of Rickettsia rickettsii and Rickettsia conorii: plaque assay and microplaque colorimetric assay.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01987;155(5):1059\'961062.\
93. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Drancourt\'a0M.\'a0Antimicrobial therapy of rickettsial diseases.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01991;35(12):2457\'962462.\
94. Branger\'a0S,\'a0Rolain\'a0J.M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Evaluation of antibiotic susceptibilities of Ehrlichia canis, Ehrlichia chaffeensis, and Anaplasma phagocytophilum by real-time PCR.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02004;48(12):4822\'964828.\
95. Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J.\'a0Clinical and taxonomic status of pathogenic nonpigmented or late-pigmenting rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a02002;15(4):716\'96746.\
96. Uslan\'a0D.Z,\'a0Kowalski\'a0T.J,\'a0Wengenack\'a0N.L,\'a0Virk\'a0A,\'a0Wilson\'a0J.W.\'a0Skin and soft tissue infections due to rapidly growing mycobacteria: comparison of clinical features, treatment, and susceptibility.\'a0Archives of Dermatology.\'a02006;142(10):1287\'961292.\
97. Wallace\'a0R.J,\'a0Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Crist\'a0C.J,\'a0Mann\'a0L,\'a0Wilson\'a0R.W.\'a0Comparison of the in\'a0vitro activity of the glycylcycline tigecycline (Formerly GAR-936) with those of tetracycline, minocycline, and doxycycline against isolates of nontuberculous mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02002;46(10):3164\'963167.\
98. Rhomberg\'a0P.R,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of 11 antimicrobial agents, including gatifloxacin and GAR936, tested against clinical isolates of Mycobacterium marinum.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02002;42(2):145\'96147.\
99. da Silva Telles\'a0M.A,\'a0Chimara\'a0E,\'a0Ferrazoli\'a0L,\'a0Riley\'a0L.W.\'a0Mycobacterium kansasii: antibiotic susceptibility and PCR-restriction analysis of clinical isolates.\'a0J Med Microbiol.\'a02005;54(Pt 10):975\'96979.\
100. Balabanova\'a0Y,\'a0Ruddy\'a0M,\'a0Hubb\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in Russia: clinical characteristics, analysis of second-line drug resistance and development of standardized therapy.\'a0Eur J Clin Microbiol.\'a02005;24(2):136\'96139.\
101. Walker\'a0N.F,\'a0Clark\'a0S.O,\'a0Oni\'a0T,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline and HIV infection suppress tuberculosis-induced matrix metalloproteinases.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02012;185(9):989\'96997.\
102. Brown\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J,\'a0Onyi\'a0G.\'a0Activities of the glycylcyclines N,N-dimethylglycylamido-minocycline and N,N-dimethylglycylamido-6-demethyl-6-deoxytetracycline against Nocardia spp. and tetracycline-resistant isolates of rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01996;40(4):874\'96878.\
103. Cercenado\'a0E,\'a0Marin\'a0M,\'a0Sanchez-Martinez\'a0M,\'a0Cuevas\'a0O,\'a0Martinez-Alarcon\'a0J,\'a0Bouza\'a0E.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline and eight other antimicrobials against different Nocardia species identified by molecular methods.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02007;51(3):1102\'961104.\
104. Chang\'a0H.R,\'a0Comte\'a0R,\'a0Pechere\'a0J.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro and in\'a0vivo effects of doxycycline on Toxoplasma gondii.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01990;34(5):775\'96780.\
105. Edlind\'a0T.D.\'a0Tetracyclines as antiparasitic agents: lipophilic derivatives are highly active against Giardia lamblia in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(12):2144\'962145.\
106. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hawkey\'a0P.M,\'a0Hinton\'a0M.\'a0Tetracyclines, molecular and clinical aspects.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01992;29(3):245\'96277.\
107. Metlay\'a0J.P,\'a0Waterer\'a0G.W,\'a0Long\'a0A.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Diagnosis and treatment of adults with community-acquired pneumonia. An official clinical practice guideline of the American Thoracic Society and Infectious Diseases Society of America.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02019;200(7):e45\'96e67.\
108. Choi\'a0S.H,\'a0Cesar\'a0A,\'a0Snow\'a0T.A.C,\'a0Saleem\'a0N,\'a0Arulkumaran\'a0N,\'a0Singer\'a0M.\'a0Efficacy of doxycycline for mild-to-moderate community-acquired pneumonia in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02022.\
109. Klein\'a0N.C,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Treatment of legionnaires\'92 disease.\'a0Semin Respir Infect.\'a01998;13(2):140\'96146.\
110. Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0The atypical pneumonias: clinical diagnosis and importance.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02006;12(Suppl 3):12\'9624.\
111. Shames\'a0J.M,\'a0George\'a0R.B,\'a0Holliday\'a0W.B,\'a0Rasch\'a0J.R,\'a0Mogabgab\'a0W.J.\'a0Comparison of antibiotics in the treatment of mycoplasmal pneumonia.\'a0Arch Intern Med.\'a01970;125(4):680\'96684.\
112. Jawetz\'a0E.\'a0Chemotherapy of chlamydial infections.\'a0Adv Pharmacol Chemother.\'a01969;7:253\'96282.\
113. Yung\'a0A.P,\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L.\'a0Psittacosis--a review of 135 cases.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01988;148(5):228\'96233.\
114. Khatib\'a0R,\'a0Thirumoorthi\'a0M.C,\'a0Kelly\'a0B,\'a0Grady\'a0K.J.\'a0Severe psittacosis during pregnancy and suppression of antibody response with early therapy.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01995;27(5):519\'96521.\
115. Lindenbaum\'a0J,\'a0Greenough\'a0W.B,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Antibiotic therapy of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01967;36(6):871\'96883.\
116. McCormack\'a0W.M,\'a0Chowdhury\'a0A.M,\'a0Jahangir\'a0N,\'a0Ahmed\'a0A.B,\'a0Mosley\'a0W.H.\'a0Tetracycline prophylaxis in families of cholera patients.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01968;38(5):787\'96792.\
117. Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Single dose tetracycline in cholera.\'a0Gut.\'a01987;28(8):1029\'961032.\
118. Rabbani\'a0G.H,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R,\'a0Butler\'a0T,\'a0Shahrier\'a0M,\'a0Alam\'a0K.\'a0Single-dose treatment of cholera with furazolidone or tetracycline in a double-blind randomized trial.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(9):1447\'961450.\
119. De\'a0S,\'a0Chaudhuri\'a0A,\'a0Dutta\'a0P,\'a0Dutta\'a0D,\'a0De\'a0S.P,\'a0Pal\'a0S.C.\'a0Doxycycline in the treatment of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01976;54(2):177\'96179.\
120. Yamamoto\'a0T,\'a0Nair\'a0G.B,\'a0Albert\'a0M.J,\'a0Parodi\'a0C.C,\'a0Takeda\'a0Y.\'a0Survey of in\'a0vitro susceptibilities of Vibrio cholerae O1 and O139 to antimicrobial agents.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(1):241\'96244.\
121. Gisbert\'a0J.P,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Gomollon\'a0F,\'a0Sainz\'a0R.\'a0[Treatment for the eradication of Helicobacter pylori. Recommendations of the Spanish consensus conference].\'a0Medicina Clinica.\'a02000;114(5):185\'96195.\
122. Gene\'a0E,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Azagra\'a0R,\'a0Gisbert\'a0J.P.\'a0Triple vs. quadruple therapy for treating Helicobacter pylori infection: a meta-analysis.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02003;17(9):1137\'961143.\
123. Cammarota\'a0G,\'a0Martino\'a0A,\'a0Pirozzi\'a0G,\'a0et al.\'a0High efficacy of 1-week doxycycline- and amoxicillin-based quadruple regimen in a culture-guided, third-line treatment approach for Helicobacter pylori infection.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02004;19(7):789\'96795.\
124. Sack\'a0D.A,\'a0Kaminsky\'a0D.C,\'a0Sack\'a0R.B,\'a0et al.\'a0Prophylactic doxycycline for travelers\'92 diarrhea. Results of a prospective double-blind study of Peace Corps volunteers in Kenya.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01978;298(14):758\'96763.\
125. Doernberg\'a0S.B,\'a0Winston\'a0L.G,\'a0Deck\'a0D.H,\'a0Chambers\'a0H.F.\'a0Does doxycycline protect against development of Clostridium difficile infection?\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02012;55(5):615\'96620.\
126. Baxter\'a0R,\'a0Ray\'a0G.T,\'a0Fireman\'a0B.H.\'a0Case-control study of antibiotic use and subsequent Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea in hospitalized patients.\'a0Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol.\'a02008;29(1):44\'9650.\
127. Tariq\'a0R,\'a0Cho\'a0J,\'a0Kapoor\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0Low risk of primary Clostridium difficile infection with tetracyclines: a systematic review and Metaanalysis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02018;66(4):514\'96522.\
128. Workowski\'a0K.A,\'a0Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Chan\'a0P.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021.\'a0MMWR Recommendations and Reports.\'a02021;70(4):1\'96187.\
129. Lau\'a0C.Y,\'a0Qureshi\'a0A.K.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for genital chlamydial infections: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a02002;29(9):497\'96502.\
130. Geisler\'a0W.M,\'a0Uniyal\'a0A,\'a0Lee\'a0J.Y,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for urogenital Chlamydia trachomatis infection.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02015;373(26):2512\'962521.\
131. Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Stephens\'a0J,\'a0Richey\'a0C.M,\'a0Hook\'a0E.W.\'a03rd. Measured versus self-reported compliance with doxycycline therapy for chlamydia-associated syndromes: high therapeutic success rates despite poor compliance.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a01999;26(5):272\'96278.\
132. Lau\'a0A,\'a0Kong\'a0F.Y.S,\'a0Fairley\'a0C.K,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin or doxycycline for asymptomatic rectal Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02021;384(25):2418\'962427.\
133. Dombrowski\'a0J.C,\'a0Wierzbicki\'a0M.R,\'a0Newman\'a0L.M,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of Rectal Chlamydia in men who have sex with men: a randomized controlled trial.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02021;73(5):824\'96831.\
134. Peuchant\'a0O,\'a0Lhomme\'a0E,\'a0Martinet\'a0P,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of anorectal Chlamydia trachomatis infection in women concurrent with vaginal infection (CHLAZIDOXY study): a multicentre, open-label, randomised, controlled, superiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02022;22(8):1221\'961230.\
135. Taylor-Robinson\'a0D,\'a0Furr\'a0P.M.\'a0Clinical antibiotic resistance of Ureaplasma urealyticum.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01986;5(6 Suppl):S335\'96S337.\
136. Wikstrom\'a0A,\'a0Jensen\'a0J.S.\'a0Mycoplasma genitalium: a common cause of persistent urethritis among men treated with doxycycline.\'a0Sex Transm. Infect.\'a02006;82(4):276\'96279.\
137. Bjornelius\'a0E,\'a0Anagrius\'a0C,\'a0Bojs\'a0G,\'a0et al.\'a0Antibiotic treatment of symptomatic Mycoplasma genitalium infection in Scandinavia: a controlled clinical trial.\'a0Sex Transm Infect.\'a02008;84(1):72\'9676.\
138. Orellana\'a0M.A,\'a0Gomez-Lus\'a0M.L.\'a0Which is the best empirical treatment in patients with urethritis?\'a0Rev Esp Quim.\'a02011;24(3):136\'96142.\
139. Newman\'a0L.M,\'a0Moran\'a0J.S,\'a0Workowski\'a0K.A.\'a0Update on the management of gonorrhea in adults in the United States.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02007;44(Suppl 3):S84\'96S101.\
140. Bolan\'a0R.K,\'a0Beymer\'a0M.R,\'a0Weiss\'a0R.E,\'a0Flynn\'a0R.P,\'a0Leibowitz\'a0A.A,\'a0Klausner\'a0J.D.\'a0Doxycycline prophylaxis to reduce incident syphilis among HIV-infected men who have sex with men who continue to engage in high-risk sex: a randomized, controlled pilot study.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a02015;42(2):98\'96103.\
141. Molina\'a0J.M,\'a0Charreau\'a0I,\'a0Chidiac\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0Post-exposure prophylaxis with doxycycline to prevent sexually transmitted infections in men who have sex with men: an open-label randomised substudy of the ANRS IPERGAY trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02018;18(3):308\'96317.\
142. Luetkemeyer\'a0A.F,\'a0Donnell\'a0D,\'a0Dombrowski\'a0J.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Postexposure doxycycline to prevent bacterial sexually transmitted infections.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02023;388(14):1296\'961306.\
143. Greaves\'a0A.B,\'a0Hilleman\'a0M.R,\'a0Taggart\'a0S.R,\'a0Bankhead\'a0A.B,\'a0Feld\'a0M.\'a0Chemotherapy in bubonic lymphogranuloma venereum: a clinical and serological evaluation.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01957;16(2):277\'96289.\
144. Ness\'a0R.B,\'a0Soper\'a0D.E,\'a0Holley\'a0R.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Effectiveness of inpatient and outpatient treatment strategies for women with pelvic inflammatory disease: results from the Pelvic Inflammatory Disease Evaluation and Clinical Health (PEACH) Randomized Trial.\'a0Am J Obstet Gynecol.\'a02002;186(5):929\'96937.\
145. Lantos\'a0P.M,\'a0Rumbaugh\'a0J,\'a0Bockenstedt\'a0L.K,\'a0et al.\'a0Clinical practice guidelines by the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA), American Academy of Neurology (AAN), and American College of Rheumatology (ACR): 2020 guidelines for the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of Lyme disease.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02021;72(1):1\'968.\'a0Page 351.e3.\
146. Stupica\'a0D,\'a0Collinet-Adler\'a0S,\'a0Blagus\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of erythema migrans with doxycycline for 7 days versus 14 days in Slovenia: a randomised open-label non-inferiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02022.\
147. Steere\'a0A.C,\'a0Levin\'a0R.E,\'a0Molloy\'a0P.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of Lyme arthritis.\'a0Arthritis Rheumatol.\'a01994;37(6):878\'96888.\
148. Karlsson\'a0M,\'a0Hammers-Berggren\'a0S,\'a0Lindquist\'a0L,\'a0Stiernstedt\'a0G,\'a0Svenungsson\'a0B.\'a0Comparison of intravenous penicillin G and oral doxycycline for treatment of Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Neurology.\'a01994;44(7):1203\'961207.\
149. Lj\'f8stad\'a0U,\'a0Skogvoll\'a0E,\'a0Eikeland\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Oral doxycycline versus intravenous ceftriaxone for European Lyme neuroborreliosis: a multicentre, non-inferiority, double-blind, randomised trial.\'a0Lancet Neurol.\'a02008;7(8):690\'96695.\
150. Bremell\'a0D,\'a0Dotevall\'a0L.\'a0Oral doxycycline for Lyme neuroborreliosis with symptoms of encephalitis, myelitis, vasculitis or intracranial hypertension.\'a0Eur Neurol.\'a02014;21(9):1162\'961167.\
151. Berende\'a0A,\'a0ter Hofstede\'a0H.J,\'a0Vos\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Randomized trial of longer-term therapy for symptoms attributed to Lyme disease.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02016;374(13):1209\'961220.\
152. Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Nowakowski\'a0J,\'a0Fish\'a0D,\'a0et al.\'a0Prophylaxis with single-dose doxycycline for the prevention of Lyme disease after an Ixodes scapularis tick bite.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02001;345(2):79\'9684.\
153. Perine\'a0P.L,\'a0Teklu\'a0B.\'a0Antibiotic treatment of louse-borne relapsing fever in Ethiopia: a report of 377 cases.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a01983;32(5):1096\'961100.\
154. Zenker\'a0P.N,\'a0Rolfs\'a0R.T.\'a0Treatment of syphilis, 1989.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01990;12(Suppl 6):S590\'96S609.\
155. Ghanem\'a0K.G,\'a0Erbelding\'a0E.J,\'a0Cheng\'a0W.W,\'a0Rompalo\'a0A.M.\'a0Doxycycline compared with benzathine penicillin for the treatment of early syphilis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02006;42(6):e45\'96e49.\
156. Psomas\'a0K.C,\'a0Brun\'a0M,\'a0Causse\'a0A,\'a0Atoui\'a0N,\'a0Reynes\'a0J,\'a0Le Moing\'a0V.\'a0Efficacy of ceftriaxone and doxycycline in the treatment of early syphilis.\'a0Med Mal Infect.\'a02012;42(1):15\'9619.\
157. Kang-Birken\'a0S.L,\'a0Castel\'a0U,\'a0Prichard\'a0J.G.\'a0Oral doxycycline for treatment of neurosyphilis in two patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02010;30(4):119e\'96122e.\
158. Girometti\'a0N,\'a0Junejo\'a0M.H,\'a0Nugent\'a0D,\'a0McOwan\'a0A,\'a0Whitlock\'a0G.\'a0Clinical and serological outcomes in patients treated with oral doxycycline for early neurosyphilis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02021;76(7):1916\'961919.\
159. De\'a0M.A,\'a0Solaro\'a0C,\'a0Abbruzzese\'a0M,\'a0Primavera\'a0A.\'a0Minocycline for symptomatic neurosyphilis in patients allergic to penicillin.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01997;337(18):1322\'961323.\
160. Farnsworth\'a0N,\'a0Rosen\'a0T.\'a0Endemic treponematosis: review and update.\'a0Clinics in Dermatology.\'a02006;24(3):181\'96190.\
161. Suputtamongkol\'a0Y,\'a0Niwattayakul\'a0K,\'a0Suttinont\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0An open, randomized, controlled trial of penicillin, doxycycline, and cefotaxime for patients with severe leptospirosis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02004;39(10):1417\'961424.\
162. Brett-Major\'a0D.M,\'a0Lipnick\'a0R.J.\'a0Antibiotic prophylaxis for leptospirosis.\'a0Cochrane Database Syst Rev.\'a02009(3):Cd007342.\
163. Griffith\'a0K.S,\'a0Lewis\'a0L.S,\'a0Mali\'a0S,\'a0Parise\'a0M.E.\'a0Treatment of malaria in the United States: a systematic review.\'a0JAMA.\'a02007;297(20):2264\'962277.\
164. Pukrittayakamee\'a0S,\'a0Clemens\'a0R,\'a0Chantra\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Therapeutic responses to antibacterial drugs in vivax malaria.\'a0Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg.\'a02001;95(5):524\'96528.\
165. Ohrt\'a0C,\'a0Richie\'a0T.L,\'a0Widjaja\'a0H,\'a0et al.\'a0Mefloquine compared with doxycycline for the prophylaxis of malaria in Indonesian soldiers. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01997;126(12):963\'96972.\
166. Sonmez\'a0A,\'a0Harlak\'a0A,\'a0Kilic\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0The efficacy and tolerability of doxycycline and mefloquine in malaria prophylaxis of the ISAF troops in Afghanistan.\'a0J Infect Res.\'a02005;51(3):253\'96258.\
167. Rieckmann\'a0K.H,\'a0Yeo\'a0A.E,\'a0Davis\'a0D.R,\'a0Hutton\'a0D.C,\'a0Wheatley\'a0P.F,\'a0Simpson\'a0R.\'a0Recent military experience with malaria chemoprophylaxis.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01993;158(7):446\'96449.\
168. Pang\'a0L.W,\'a0Limsomwong\'a0N,\'a0Boudreau\'a0E.F,\'a0Singharaj\'a0P.\'a0Doxycycline prophylaxis for falciparum malaria.\'a0Lancet.\'a01987;1(8543):1161\'961164.\
169. Pang\'a0L,\'a0Limsomwong\'a0N,\'a0Singharaj\'a0P.\'a0Prophylactic treatment of vivax and falciparum malaria with low-dose doxycycline.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01988;158(5):1124\'961127.\
170. Shmuklarsky\'a0M.J,\'a0Boudreau\'a0E.F,\'a0Pang\'a0L.W,\'a0et al.\'a0Failure of doxycycline as a causal prophylactic agent against Plasmodium falciparum malaria in healthy nonimmune volunteers.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01994;120(4):294\'96299.\
171. Tan\'a0K.R,\'a0Magill\'a0A.J,\'a0Parise\'a0M.E,\'a0Arguin\'a0P.M.\'a0Doxycycline for malaria chemoprophylaxis and treatment: report from the CDC expert meeting on malaria chemoprophylaxis.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02011;84(4):517\'96531.\
172. Fan\'a0M.Y,\'a0Walker\'a0D.H,\'a0Yu\'a0S.R,\'a0Liu\'a0Q.H.\'a0Epidemiology and ecology of rickettsial diseases in the People\'92s Republic of China.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(4):823\'96840.\
173. Gudiol\'a0F,\'a0Pallares\'a0R,\'a0Carratala\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Randomized double-blind evaluation of ciprofloxacin and doxycycline for Mediterranean spotted fever.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(6):987\'96988.\
174. Perine\'a0P.L,\'a0Chandler\'a0B.P,\'a0Krause\'a0D.K,\'a0et al.\'a0A clinico-epidemiological study of epidemic typhus in Africa.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01992;14(5):1149\'961158.\
175. Minniear\'a0T.D,\'a0Buckingham\'a0S.C.\'a0Managing rocky mountain spotted fever.\'a0Expert Rev Anti-infect Ther.\'a02009;7(9):1131\'961137.\
176. Ariza\'a0J,\'a0Bosilkovski\'a0M,\'a0Cascio\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Perspectives for the treatment of brucellosis in the 21st century: the Ioannina recommendations.\'a0PLoS Medicine.\'a02007;4(12):e317.\
177. Solera\'a0J,\'a0Martinez-Alfaro\'a0E,\'a0Saez\'a0L.\'a0Meta-analysis of the efficacy of the combination of +rifampicin and doxycycline in the treatment of human brucellosis.\'a0Med Clin.\'a01994;102(19):731\'96738.\
178. Hasanjani Roushan\'a0M.R,\'a0Mohraz\'a0M,\'a0Hajiahmadi\'a0M,\'a0Ramzani\'a0A,\'a0Valayati\'a0A.A.\'a0Efficacy of gentamicin plus doxycycline versus streptomycin plus doxycycline in the treatment of brucellosis in humans.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02006;42(8):1075\'961080.\
179. Hasanain\'a0A,\'a0Mahdy\'a0R,\'a0Mohamed\'a0A,\'a0Ali\'a0M.\'a0A randomized, comparative study of dual therapy (doxycycline-rifampin) versus triple therapy (doxycycline-rifampin-levofloxacin) for treating acute/subacute brucellosis.\'a0Braz J Infect Dis.\'a02016;20(3):250\'96254.\
180. Pappas\'a0G,\'a0Seitaridis\'a0S,\'a0Akritidis\'a0N,\'a0Tsianos\'a0E.\'a0Treatment of brucella spondylitis: lessons from an impossible meta-analysis and initial report of efficacy of a fluoroquinolone-containing regimen.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;24(5):502\'96507.\
181. Powell\'a0O.W,\'a0Kennedy\'a0K.P,\'a0Mc\'a0I.M,\'a0Silverstone\'a0H.\'a0Tetracycline in the treatment of \'93Q\'94 fever.\'a0Australas Ann Med.\'a01962;11:184\'96188.\
182. Spelman\'a0D.W.\'a0Q fever: a study of 111 consecutive cases.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01982;1(13):547\'96548\'a0551, 553.\
183. Maurin\'a0M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Q fever.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a01999;12(4):518\'96553.\
184. Ferrante\'a0M.A,\'a0Dolan\'a0M.J.\'a0Q fever meningoencephalitis in a soldier returning from the Persian Gulf War.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01993;16(4):489\'96496.\
185. Fenollar\'a0F,\'a0Fournier\'a0P.E,\'a0Carrieri\'a0M.P,\'a0Habib\'a0G,\'a0Messana\'a0T,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Risks factors and prevention of Q fever endocarditis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;33(3):312\'96316.\
186. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Houpikian\'a0P,\'a0Tissot Dupont\'a0H,\'a0Riss\'a0J.M,\'a0Arditi-Djiane\'a0J,\'a0Brouqui\'a0P.\'a0Treatment of Q fever endocarditis: comparison of 2 regimens containing doxycycline and ofloxacin or hydroxychloroquine.\'a0Arch Intern Med.\'a01999;159(2):167\'96173.\
187. Chaowagul\'a0W,\'a0Chierakul\'a0W,\'a0Simpson\'a0A.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Open-label randomized trial of oral trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, doxycycline, and chloramphenicol compared with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole and doxycycline for maintenance therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(10):4020\'964025.\
188. Chaowagul\'a0W,\'a0Simpson\'a0A.J,\'a0Suputtamongkol\'a0Y,\'a0Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Angus\'a0B.J,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0A comparison of chloramphenicol, trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, and doxycycline with doxycycline alone as maintenance therapy for melioidosis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01999;29(2):375\'96380.\
189. Fredeking\'a0T.M,\'a0Zavala-Castro\'a0J.E,\'a0Gonzalez-Martinez\'a0P,\'a0et al.\'a0Dengue patients treated with doxycycline showed lower mortality associated to a reduction in IL-6 and TNF levels.\'a0Recent Patents on Anti-infective\
Page 351.e1\
References\
1. Duggar\'a0B.M.\'a0Aureomycin: a product of the continuing search for new antibiotics.\'a0Ann NY Acad Sci.\'a01948;51(2):177\'96181.\
2. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Tetracycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:843\'96850.\
3. Sabundayo\'a0B.P,\'a0Standiford\'a0H.C.\'a0Tetracyclines and analogues.\'a0In:\'a0Yu\'a0V.L,\'a0Edwards\'a0G,\'a0McKinnon\'a0P.S,\'a0Peolquin\'a0C,\'a0Morse\'a0G.D,\'a0eds.\'a0Antimicrobial Therapy and Vaccines, 2nd Edition. Vol II: Antimicrobial Agents.\'a02nd ed.\'a0Pittsburgh, PA:\'a0ESun Technologies LLC;\'a02005:461\'96476.\
4. Levy\'a0S.B,\'a0FitzGerald\'a0G.B,\'a0Macone\'a0A.B.\'a0Changes in intestinal flora of farm personnel after introduction of a tetracycline-supplemented feed on a farm.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01976;295(11):583\'96588.\
5. DuPont\'a0H,\'a0Steele\'a0J.H.\'a0Use of antimicrobial agents in animal feeds: implications for human health.\'a0Rev of Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(3):447\'96460.\
6. Thaker\'a0M,\'a0Spanogiannopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0The tetracycline resistome.\'a0Cell Mol Life Sci.\'a02010;67(3):419\'96431.\
7. Perks\'a0W.H,\'a0Walters\'a0E.H,\'a0Tams\'a0I.P,\'a0Prowse\'a0K.\'a0Demeclocycline in the treatment of the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone.\'a0Thorax.\'a01979;34(3):324\'96327.\
8. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Roberts\'a0M.\'a0Tetracycline antibiotics: mode of action, applications, molecular biology, and epidemiology of bacterial resistance.\'a0MMBR.\'a02001;65(2):232\'96260.\
9. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hacker\'a0K.\'a0Inhibition of K88-mediated adhesion of Escherichia coli to mammalian receptors by antibiotics that affect bacterial protein synthesis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01986;18(4):441\'96451.\
10. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Doxycycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:851\'96869.\
11. Dahl\'a0E.L,\'a0Shock\'a0J.L,\'a0Shenai\'a0B.R,\'a0Gut\'a0J,\'a0DeRisi\'a0J.L,\'a0Rosenthal\'a0P.J.\'a0Tetracyclines specifically target the apicoplast of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(9):3124\'963131.\
12. Ribush\'a0N,\'a0Morgan\'a0T.\'a0Tetracyclines and renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01972;1(2):53\'9655.\
13. Kunin\'a0C.M.\'a0A guide to use of antibiotics in patients with renal disease. A table of recommended doses and factors governing serum levels.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01967;67(1):151\'96158.\
14. Heaney\'a0D,\'a0Eknoyan\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline and doxycycline kinetics in chronic renal failure.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01978;24(2):233\'96239.\
15. Whelton\'a0A,\'a0Schach von Wittenau\'a0M,\'a0Twomey\'a0T.M,\'a0Walker\'a0W.G,\'a0Bianchine\'a0J.R.\'a0Doxycycline pharmacokinetics in the absence of renal function.\'a0Kidney Int.\'a01974;5(5):365\'96371.\
16. Thiim\'a0M,\'a0Friedman\'a0L.S.\'a0Hepatotoxicity of antibiotics and antifungals.\'a0Clinics in Liver Disease.\'a02003;7(2):381\'96399\'a0vi-vii.\
17. Horrevorts\'a0A,\'a0Pluim\'a0M.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:870\'96880.\
18. Carney\'a0S,\'a0Butcher\'a0R.A,\'a0Dawborn\'a0J.K,\'a0Pattison\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline excretion and distribution in relation to renal function in man.\'a0Clin Exp Pharmacol.\'a01974;1(4):299\'96308.\
19. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Shaw\'a0W.R,\'a0Uman\'a0S.J,\'a0Tse\'a0F.L,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of minocycline in renal failure.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;8(5):532\'96537.\
20. Bernard\'a0B,\'a0Yin\'a0E.J,\'a0Simon\'a0H.J.\'a0Clinical pharmacologic studies with minocycline.\'a0The J Clin Pharmacol.\'a01971;11(5):332\'96348.\
21. George\'a0C.R,\'a0Guinness\'a0M.D,\'a0Lark\'a0D.J,\'a0Evans\'a0R.A.\'a0Minocycline toxicity in renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01973;1(13):640\'96641.\
22. Jonas\'a0M,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0Ther Drug Monit.\'a01982;4(2):137\'96145.\
23. Wood\'a0M.J,\'a0Farrell\'a0W,\'a0Kattan\'a0S,\'a0Williams\'a0J.D.\'a0Activity of minocycline and tetracycline against respiratory pathogens related to blood levels.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01975;1(3):323\'96331.\
24. Sklenar\'a0I,\'a0Spring\'a0P,\'a0Dettli\'a0L.\'a0One-dose and multiple-dose kinetics of minocycline in patients with renal disease.\'a0Agents and Actions.\'a01977;7(3):369\'96377.\
25. Smith\'a0C,\'a0Woods\'a0C.G,\'a0Woods\'a0M.J.\'a0Absorption of minocycline.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01984;13(1):93.\
26. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Koch\'a0P.A,\'a0Lau\'a0C.C,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Bioavailability of tetracycline and doxycycline in fasted and nonfasted subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(3):462\'96469.\
27. Neuvonen\'a0P.J.\'a0Interactions with the absorption of tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a01976;11(1):45\'9654.\
28. Agwuh\'a0K.N,\'a0MacGowan\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of the tetracyclines including glycylcyclines.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(2):256\'96265.\
29. Fabre\'a0J,\'a0Milek\'a0E,\'a0Kalfopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Merier\'a0G.\'a0[Kinetics of tetracyclines in human. II. Excretion, penetration into normal and inflammed tissues, behavior in a case of renal insufficiency and in hemodialysis].\'a0Schweiz Med Wochenschr.\'a01971;101(18):625\'96633.\
30. Macdonald\'a0H,\'a0Kelly\'a0R.G,\'a0Allen\'a0E.S,\'a0Noble\'a0J.F,\'a0Kanegis\'a0L.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetic studies on minocycline in man.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01973;14(5):852\'96861.\
31. Lundberg\'a0C,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentration of penicillin V and tetracycline in maxillary sinus secretion after repeated doses.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(2):123\'96133.\
32. Ruhen\'a0R.W,\'a0Tandon\'a0M.K.\'a0Comparative effectiveness of tetracycline, minocycline and doxycycline in treatment of acute-on-chronic bronchitis. A study based on sputum levels.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01976;1(6):151\'96153.\
33. Chow\'a0A.W,\'a0Jewesson\'a0P.J.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and safety of antimicrobial agents during pregnancy.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01985;7(3):287\'96313.\
34. Alestig\'a0K.\'a0Studies on doxycycline during intravenous and oral treatment with reference to renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(3):193\'96198.\
35. Andersson\'a0K.E,\'a0Mardh\'a0P.A,\'a0Akerlund\'a0M.\'a0Passage of doxycycline into extracellular fluid.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):7\'9611.\
36. Eliasson\'a0R,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentrations of doxycycline in human seminal plasma.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):32\'9636.\
37. Lode\'a0H.\'a0Penetration of antibiotics into the pleural fluid.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01979;5(2):122\'96124.\
38. Schreiner\'a0A,\'a0Digranes\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of lymecycline and doxycycline in serum and suction blister fluid.\'a0Chemotherapy.\'a01985;31(4):261\'96265.\
39. Marlin\'a0G.E,\'a0Cheng\'a0S,\'a0Thompson\'a0P.J.\'a0Sputum and plasma doxycycline concentrations after a single oral 600 mg doxycycline dose in patients with chronic bronchitis.\'a0Eur J Respir Dis.\'a01981;62(4):276\'96280.\
40. Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0The detection of doxycycline activity in human bone.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):47\'9653.\
41. Gnarpe\'a0H,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Hagg\'a0O.\'a0Doxycycline concentration levels in bone, soft tissue and serum after intravenous infusion of doxycycline. A clinical study.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):54\'9657.\
42. Bystedt\'a0H,\'a0A\'a0D.A,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E.\'a0Concentrations of azidocillin, erythromycin, doxycycline and clindamycin in human mandibular bone.\'a0Int J Oral Surg.\'a01978;7(5):442\'96449.\
43. Dotevall\'a0L,\'a0Hagberg\'a0L.\'a0Penetration of doxycycline into cerebrospinal fluid in patients treated for suspected Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(7):1078\'961080.\
44. Yim\'a0C.W,\'a0Flynn\'a0N.M,\'a0Fitzgerald\'a0F.T.\'a0Penetration of oral doxycycline into the cerebrospinal fluid of patients with latent or neurosyphilis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01985;28(2):347\'96348.\
45. Nikaido\'a0H,\'a0Thanassi\'a0D.G.\'a0Penetration of lipophilic agents with multiple protonation sites into bacterial cells: tetracyclines and fluoroquinolones as examples.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01993;37(7):1393\'961399.\
46. Bergogne-Berezin\'a0E,\'a0Lambert-Zechovsky\'a0N,\'a0Morel\'a0C.\'a0[Pharmacokinetics of antibiotics in bronchial secretions. 250 cases].\'a0La Nouvelle Presse Medicale.\'a01977;6(38):3548.\
47. Hensle\'a0T.W,\'a0Prout\'a0GR.\'a0J.r,\'a0Griffin\'a0P.\'a0Minocycline diffusion into benign prostatic hyperplasia.\'a0The Journal of Urology.\'a01977;118(4):609\'96611.\
48. Hoeprich\'a0P.D,\'a0Warshauer\'a0D.M.\'a0Entry of four tetracyclines into saliva and tears.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01974;5(3):330\'96336.\
49. Steigbigel\'a0N.H,\'a0Reed\'a0C.W,\'a0Finland\'a0M.\'a0Absorption and excretion of five tetracycline analogues in normal young men.\'a0The American Journal of the Medical Sciences.\'a01968;255:296\'96312.\
50. Mahon\'a0W.A,\'a0Johnson\'a0G.E,\'a0Endrenyl\'a0L,\'a0Kelly\'a0M.F,\'a0Fenton\'a0S.S.\'a0The elimination of tritiated doxycycline in normal subjects and in patients with severely impaired renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):24\'9631.\
51. Saivin\'a0S,\'a0Houin\'a0G.\'a0Clinical pharmacokinetics of doxycycline and minocycline.\'a0Clin Pharmacokinet.\'a01988;15(6):355\'96366.\
52. CLSI, .\'a0Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; Thirty-Second Informational Supplement.\'a0Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute;\'a02022.\
53. Diekema\'a0D.J,\'a0Pfaller\'a0M.A,\'a0Schmitz\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Survey of infections due to Staphylococcus species: frequency of occurrence and antimicrobial susceptibility of isolates collected in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, and the Western Pacific Region for the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997\'961999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):114\'96132.\
54. Holmes\'a0R.L,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0J.H.\'a0Inhibitory activities of 11 antimicrobial agents and bactericidal activities of vancomycin and daptomycin against invasive methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates obtained from 1999 through 2006.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(2):757\'96760.\
55. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Palatnick\'a0L,\'a0Nichol\'a0K.A,\'a0Bellyou\'a0T,\'a0Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance in respiratory tract Streptococcus pneumoniae isolates: results of the Canadian Respiratory Organism Susceptibility Study, 1997 to 2002.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(6):1867\'961874.\
56. Koeth\'a0L.M,\'a0Felmingham\'a0D,\'a0Jacobs\'a0M.R,\'a0Rossi\'a0F.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae in Sao Paulo, Brazil from 1996 to 2000.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):356\'96361.\
57. Jones\'a0R.N,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R.\'a0Doxycycline use for community-acquired pneumonia: contemporary in\'a0vitro spectrum of activity against Streptococcus pneumoniae (1999-2002).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02004;49(2):147\'96149.\
58. Wimmerstedt\'a0A,\'a0Kahlmeter\'a0G.\'a0Associated antimicrobial resistance in Escherichia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus pyogenes.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02008;14(4):315\'96321.\
59. Persson\'a0E,\'a0Berg\'a0S,\'a0Bergseng\'a0H,\'a0Bergh\'a0K,\'a0Valso-Lyng\'a0R,\'a0Trollfors\'a0B.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of invasive group B streptococcal isolates from south-west Sweden 1988-2001.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02008;40(4):308\'96313.\
60. Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Keller\'a0N,\'a0Barth\'a0A,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Clinical prevalence, antimicrobial susceptibility, and geographic resistance patterns of enterococci: results from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997-1999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):S133\'96S145.\
61. Holmberg\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0Antimicrobial in\'a0vitro susceptibility of Actinomyces israelii and Arachnia propionica.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01977;9(1):40\'9645.\
62. Vitas\'a0A.I,\'a0Sanchez\'a0R.M,\'a0Aguado\'a0V,\'a0Garcia-Jalon\'a0I.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of Listeria monocytogenes isolated from food and clinical cases in Navarra, Spain.\'a0J Food Prot.\'a02007;70(10):2402\'962406.\
63. Mohammed\'a0M.J,\'a0Marston\'a0C.K,\'a0Popovic\'a0T,\'a0Weyant\'a0R.S,\'a0Tenover\'a0F.C.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Bacillus anthracis: comparison of results obtained by using the National Committee for Clinical Laboratory Standards broth microdilution reference and Etest agar gradient diffusion methods.\'a0J Clin Microbiol.\'a02002;40(6):1902\'961907.\
64. Frean\'a0J,\'a0Klugman\'a0K.P,\'a0Arntzen\'a0L,\'a0Bukofzer\'a0S.\'a0Susceptibility of Bacillus anthracis to eleven antimicrobial agents including novel fluoroquinolones and a ketolide.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(2):297\'96299.\
65. Hernandez\'a0E,\'a0Girardet\'a0M,\'a0Ramisse\'a0F,\'a0Vidal\'a0D,\'a0Cavallo\'a0J.D.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibilities of 94 isolates of Yersinia pestis to 24 antimicrobial agents.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(6):1029\'961031.\
66. Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Vinh\'a0D.X,\'a0Nguyen\'a0T.T,\'a0Wain\'a0J,\'a0Thung\'a0D,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibilities of strains of Yersinia pestis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(9):2153\'962154.\
67. Schonberg-Norio\'a0D,\'a0Hanninen\'a0M.L,\'a0Katila\'a0M.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Activities of telithromycin, erythromycin, fluoroquinolones, and doxycycline against Campylobacter strains isolated from Finnish subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(3):1086\'961088.\
68. Morris\'a0Jr.\'a0J.G.\'a0Black RE. Cholera and other vibrioses in the United States.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01985;312(6):343\'96350.\
69. Ottaviani\'a0D,\'a0Bacchiocchi\'a0I,\'a0Masini\'a0L,\'a0et al.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of potentially pathogenic halophilic vibrios isolated from seafood.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;18(2):135\'96140.\
70. Midani\'a0S,\'a0Rathore\'a0M.H.\'a0Vibrio species infection of a catfish spine puncture wound.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01994;13(4):333\'96334.\
71. Fernandez-Cuenca\'a0F,\'a0Tomas-Carmona\'a0M,\'a0Caballero-Moyano\'a0F,\'a0et al.\'a0[In vitro activity of 18 antimicrobial agents against clinical isolates of Acinetobacter spp.: multicenter national study GEIH-REIPI-Ab 2010.].\'a0Enferm Infecc Microbiol Clin.\'a02012.\
72. Jenney\'a0A.W,\'a0Lum\'a0G,\'a0Fisher\'a0D.A,\'a0Currie\'a0B.J.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibility of Burkholderia pseudomallei from tropical northern Australia and implications for therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;17(2):109\'96113.\
73. Nicodemo\'a0A.C,\'a0Araujo\'a0M.R,\'a0Ruiz\'a0A.S,\'a0Gales\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia isolates: comparison of disc diffusion, Etest and agar dilution methods.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02004;53(4):604\'96608.\
74. Janda\'a0J.M,\'a0Guthertz\'a0L.S,\'a0Kokka\'a0R.P,\'a0Shimada\'a0T.\'a0Aeromonas species in septicemia: laboratory characteristics and clinical observations.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01994;19(1):77\'9683.\
75. Flamm\'a0R.K,\'a0Castanheira\'a0M,\'a0Streit\'a0J.M,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Minocycline activity tested against Acinetobacter baumannii complex, Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, and Burkholderia cepacia species complex isolates from a global surveillance program (2013).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02016;85(3):352\'96355.\
76. Li\'a0X.Z,\'a0Livermore\'a0D.M,\'a0Nikaido\'a0H.\'a0Role of efflux pump(s) in intrinsic resistance of Pseudomonas aeruginosa: resistance to tetracycline, chloramphenicol, and norfloxacin.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(8):1732\'961741.\'a0Page 351.e2.\
77. Schaumann\'a0R,\'a0Ackermann\'a0G,\'a0Pless\'a0B,\'a0Claros\'a0M.C,\'a0Goldstein\'a0E.J,\'a0Rodloff\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of fourteen antimicrobial agents against obligately anaerobic bacteria.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(3):225\'96232.\
78. Baykam\'a0N,\'a0Esener\'a0H,\'a0Ergonul\'a0O,\'a0Eren\'a0S,\'a0Celikbas\'a0A.K,\'a0Dokuzoguz\'a0B.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibility of Brucella species.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):405\'96407.\
79. Dorbecker\'a0C,\'a0Sander\'a0A,\'a0Oberle\'a0K,\'a0Schulin-Casonato\'a0T.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Bartonella species to 17 antimicrobial compounds: comparison of Etest and agar dilution.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(4):784\'96788.\
80. Bebear\'a0C,\'a0Pereyre\'a0S,\'a0Peuchant\'a0O.\'a0Mycoplasma pneumoniae: susceptibility and resistance to antibiotics.\'a0Future Microbiology.\'a02011;6(4):423\'96431.\
81. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Bryskier\'a0A,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0Comparative activities of telithromycin (HMR 3647), levofloxacin, and other antimicrobial agents against human mycoplasmas.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(7):1980\'961982.\
82. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Charron\'a0A,\'a0Gruson\'a0D,\'a0Lefrancois\'a0M,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of trovafloxacin compared to those of five antimicrobials against mycoplasmas including Mycoplasma hominis and Ureaplasma urealyticum fluoroquinolone-resistant isolates that have been genetically characterized.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(9):2557\'962560.\
83. Schulin\'a0T,\'a0Wennersten\'a0C.B,\'a0Ferraro\'a0M.J,\'a0Moellering\'a0Jr.\'a0R.C,\'a0Eliopoulos\'a0G.M.\'a0Susceptibilities of Legionella spp. to newer antimicrobials in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01998;42(6):1520\'961523.\
84. Critchley\'a0I.A,\'a0Jones\'a0M.E,\'a0Heinze\'a0P.D,\'a0et al.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of levofloxacin against contemporary clinical isolates of Legionella pneumophila, Mycoplasma pneumoniae and Chlamydia pneumoniae from North America and Europe.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02002;8(4):214\'96221.\
85. Roblin\'a0P.M,\'a0Hammerschlag\'a0M.R.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of GAR-936 against Chlamydia pneumoniae and Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(1):61\'9663.\
86. Butaye\'a0P,\'a0Ducatelle\'a0R,\'a0De Backer\'a0P,\'a0Vermeersch\'a0H,\'a0Remon\'a0J.P,\'a0Haesebrouck\'a0F.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of doxycycline and enrofloxacin against European Chlamydia psittaci strains from turkeys.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01997;41(12):2800\'962801.\
87. Samra\'a0Z,\'a0Rosenberg\'a0S,\'a0Soffer\'a0Y,\'a0Dan\'a0M.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of recent clinical isolates of Chlamydia trachomatis to macrolides and tetracyclines.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02001;39(3):177\'96179.\
88. Wormser\'a0G.P,\'a0Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Dattwyler\'a0R.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Practice guidelines for the treatment of Lyme disease. The infectious diseases society of America.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02000;31(Suppl 1):1\'9614.\
89. Ates\'a0L,\'a0Hanssen-Hubner\'a0C,\'a0Norris\'a0D.E,\'a0Richter\'a0D,\'a0Kraiczy\'a0P,\'a0Hunfeld\'a0K.P.\'a0Comparison of in\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline, doxycycline, and tetracycline against the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi.\'a0Ticks Tick Borne Dis.\'a02010;1(1):30\'9634.\
90. Murray\'a0C.K,\'a0Ellis\'a0M.W,\'a0Hospenthal\'a0D.R.\'a0Susceptibility of Leptospira serovars to antimalarial agents.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02004;71(5):685\'96686.\
91. Norris\'a0S.J,\'a0Edmondson\'a0D.G.\'a0In\'a0vitro culture system to determine MICs and MBCs of antimicrobial agents against Treponema pallidum subsp. pallidum (Nichols strain).\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01988;32(1):68\'9674.\
92. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Roussellier\'a0P,\'a0Vestris\'a0G,\'a0Tamalet\'a0J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antibiotic susceptibility of Rickettsia rickettsii and Rickettsia conorii: plaque assay and microplaque colorimetric assay.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01987;155(5):1059\'961062.\
93. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Drancourt\'a0M.\'a0Antimicrobial therapy of rickettsial diseases.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01991;35(12):2457\'962462.\
94. Branger\'a0S,\'a0Rolain\'a0J.M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Evaluation of antibiotic susceptibilities of Ehrlichia canis, Ehrlichia chaffeensis, and Anaplasma phagocytophilum by real-time PCR.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02004;48(12):4822\'964828.\
95. Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J.\'a0Clinical and taxonomic status of pathogenic nonpigmented or late-pigmenting rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a02002;15(4):716\'96746.\
96. Uslan\'a0D.Z,\'a0Kowalski\'a0T.J,\'a0Wengenack\'a0N.L,\'a0Virk\'a0A,\'a0Wilson\'a0J.W.\'a0Skin and soft tissue infections due to rapidly growing mycobacteria: comparison of clinical features, treatment, and susceptibility.\'a0Archives of Dermatology.\'a02006;142(10):1287\'961292.\
97. Wallace\'a0R.J,\'a0Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Crist\'a0C.J,\'a0Mann\'a0L,\'a0Wilson\'a0R.W.\'a0Comparison of the in\'a0vitro activity of the glycylcycline tigecycline (Formerly GAR-936) with those of tetracycline, minocycline, and doxycycline against isolates of nontuberculous mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02002;46(10):3164\'963167.\
98. Rhomberg\'a0P.R,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of 11 antimicrobial agents, including gatifloxacin and GAR936, tested against clinical isolates of Mycobacterium marinum.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02002;42(2):145\'96147.\
99. da Silva Telles\'a0M.A,\'a0Chimara\'a0E,\'a0Ferrazoli\'a0L,\'a0Riley\'a0L.W.\'a0Mycobacterium kansasii: antibiotic susceptibility and PCR-restriction analysis of clinical isolates.\'a0J Med Microbiol.\'a02005;54(Pt 10):975\'96979.\
100. Balabanova\'a0Y,\'a0Ruddy\'a0M,\'a0Hubb\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in Russia: clinical characteristics, analysis of second-line drug resistance and development of standardized therapy.\'a0Eur J Clin Microbiol.\'a02005;24(2):136\'96139.\
101. Walker\'a0N.F,\'a0Clark\'a0S.O,\'a0Oni\'a0T,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline and HIV infection suppress tuberculosis-induced matrix metalloproteinases.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02012;185(9):989\'96997.\
102. Brown\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J,\'a0Onyi\'a0G.\'a0Activities of the glycylcyclines N,N-dimethylglycylamido-minocycline and N,N-dimethylglycylamido-6-demethyl-6-deoxytetracycline against Nocardia spp. and tetracycline-resistant isolates of rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01996;40(4):874\'96878.\
103. Cercenado\'a0E,\'a0Marin\'a0M,\'a0Sanchez-Martinez\'a0M,\'a0Cuevas\'a0O,\'a0Martinez-Alarcon\'a0J,\'a0Bouza\'a0E.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline and eight other antimicrobials against different Nocardia species identified by molecular methods.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02007;51(3):1102\'961104.\
104. Chang\'a0H.R,\'a0Comte\'a0R,\'a0Pechere\'a0J.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro and in\'a0vivo effects of doxycycline on Toxoplasma gondii.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01990;34(5):775\'96780.\
105. Edlind\'a0T.D.\'a0Tetracyclines as antiparasitic agents: lipophilic derivatives are highly active against Giardia lamblia in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(12):2144\'962145.\
106. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hawkey\'a0P.M,\'a0Hinton\'a0M.\'a0Tetracyclines, molecular and clinical aspects.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01992;29(3):245\'96277.\
107. Metlay\'a0J.P,\'a0Waterer\'a0G.W,\'a0Long\'a0A.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Diagnosis and treatment of adults with community-acquired pneumonia. An official clinical practice guideline of the American Thoracic Society and Infectious Diseases Society of America.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02019;200(7):e45\'96e67.\
108. Choi\'a0S.H,\'a0Cesar\'a0A,\'a0Snow\'a0T.A.C,\'a0Saleem\'a0N,\'a0Arulkumaran\'a0N,\'a0Singer\'a0M.\'a0Efficacy of doxycycline for mild-to-moderate community-acquired pneumonia in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02022.\
109. Klein\'a0N.C,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Treatment of legionnaires\'92 disease.\'a0Semin Respir Infect.\'a01998;13(2):140\'96146.\
110. Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0The atypical pneumonias: clinical diagnosis and importance.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02006;12(Suppl 3):12\'9624.\
111. Shames\'a0J.M,\'a0George\'a0R.B,\'a0Holliday\'a0W.B,\'a0Rasch\'a0J.R,\'a0Mogabgab\'a0W.J.\'a0Comparison of antibiotics in the treatment of mycoplasmal pneumonia.\'a0Arch Intern Med.\'a01970;125(4):680\'96684.\
112. Jawetz\'a0E.\'a0Chemotherapy of chlamydial infections.\'a0Adv Pharmacol Chemother.\'a01969;7:253\'96282.\
113. Yung\'a0A.P,\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L.\'a0Psittacosis--a review of 135 cases.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01988;148(5):228\'96233.\
114. Khatib\'a0R,\'a0Thirumoorthi\'a0M.C,\'a0Kelly\'a0B,\'a0Grady\'a0K.J.\'a0Severe psittacosis during pregnancy and suppression of antibody response with early therapy.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01995;27(5):519\'96521.\
115. Lindenbaum\'a0J,\'a0Greenough\'a0W.B,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Antibiotic therapy of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01967;36(6):871\'96883.\
116. McCormack\'a0W.M,\'a0Chowdhury\'a0A.M,\'a0Jahangir\'a0N,\'a0Ahmed\'a0A.B,\'a0Mosley\'a0W.H.\'a0Tetracycline prophylaxis in families of cholera patients.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01968;38(5):787\'96792.\
117. Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Single dose tetracycline in cholera.\'a0Gut.\'a01987;28(8):1029\'961032.\
118. Rabbani\'a0G.H,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R,\'a0Butler\'a0T,\'a0Shahrier\'a0M,\'a0Alam\'a0K.\'a0Single-dose treatment of cholera with furazolidone or tetracycline in a double-blind randomized trial.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(9):1447\'961450.\
119. De\'a0S,\'a0Chaudhuri\'a0A,\'a0Dutta\'a0P,\'a0Dutta\'a0D,\'a0De\'a0S.P,\'a0Pal\'a0S.C.\'a0Doxycycline in the treatment of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01976;54(2):177\'96179.\
120. Yamamoto\'a0T,\'a0Nair\'a0G.B,\'a0Albert\'a0M.J,\'a0Parodi\'a0C.C,\'a0Takeda\'a0Y.\'a0Survey of in\'a0vitro susceptibilities of Vibrio cholerae O1 and O139 to antimicrobial agents.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(1):241\'96244.\
121. Gisbert\'a0J.P,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Gomollon\'a0F,\'a0Sainz\'a0R.\'a0[Treatment for the eradication of Helicobacter pylori. Recommendations of the Spanish consensus conference].\'a0Medicina Clinica.\'a02000;114(5):185\'96195.\
122. Gene\'a0E,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Azagra\'a0R,\'a0Gisbert\'a0J.P.\'a0Triple vs. quadruple therapy for treating Helicobacter pylori infection: a meta-analysis.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02003;17(9):1137\'961143.\
123. Cammarota\'a0G,\'a0Martino\'a0A,\'a0Pirozzi\'a0G,\'a0et al.\'a0High efficacy of 1-week doxycycline- and amoxicillin-based quadruple regimen in a culture-guided, third-line treatment approach for Helicobacter pylori infection.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02004;19(7):789\'96795.\
124. Sack\'a0D.A,\'a0Kaminsky\'a0D.C,\'a0Sack\'a0R.B,\'a0et al.\'a0Prophylactic doxycycline for travelers\'92 diarrhea. Results of a prospective double-blind study of Peace Corps volunteers in Kenya.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01978;298(14):758\'96763.\
125. Doernberg\'a0S.B,\'a0Winston\'a0L.G,\'a0Deck\'a0D.H,\'a0Chambers\'a0H.F.\'a0Does doxycycline protect against development of Clostridium difficile infection?\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02012;55(5):615\'96620.\
126. Baxter\'a0R,\'a0Ray\'a0G.T,\'a0Fireman\'a0B.H.\'a0Case-control study of antibiotic use and subsequent Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea in hospitalized patients.\'a0Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol.\'a02008;29(1):44\'9650.\
127. Tariq\'a0R,\'a0Cho\'a0J,\'a0Kapoor\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0Low risk of primary Clostridium difficile infection with tetracyclines: a systematic review and Metaanalysis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02018;66(4):514\'96522.\
128. Workowski\'a0K.A,\'a0Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Chan\'a0P.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021.\'a0MMWR Recommendations and Reports.\'a02021;70(4):1\'96187.\
129. Lau\'a0C.Y,\'a0Qureshi\'a0A.K.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for genital chlamydial infections: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a02002;29(9):497\'96502.\
130. Geisler\'a0W.M,\'a0Uniyal\'a0A,\'a0Lee\'a0J.Y,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for urogenital Chlamydia trachomatis infection.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02015;373(26):2512\'962521.\
131. Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Stephens\'a0J,\'a0Richey\'a0C.M,\'a0Hook\'a0E.W.\'a03rd. Measured versus self-reported compliance with doxycycline therapy for chlamydia-associated syndromes: high therapeutic success rates despite poor compliance.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a01999;26(5):272\'96278.\
132. Lau\'a0A,\'a0Kong\'a0F.Y.S,\'a0Fairley\'a0C.K,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin or doxycycline for asymptomatic rectal Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02021;384(25):2418\'962427.\
133. Dombrowski\'a0J.C,\'a0Wierzbicki\'a0M.R,\'a0Newman\'a0L.M,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of Rectal Chlamydia in men who have sex with men: a randomized controlled trial.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02021;73(5):824\'96831.\
134. Peuchant\'a0O,\'a0Lhomme\'a0E,\'a0Martinet\'a0P,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of anorectal Chlamydia trachomatis infection in women concurrent with vaginal infection (CHLAZIDOXY study): a multicentre, open-label, randomised, controlled, superiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02022;22(8):1221\'961230.\
135. Taylor-Robinson\'a0D,\'a0Furr\'a0P.M.\'a0Clinical antibiotic resistance of Ureaplasma urealyticum.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01986;5(6 Suppl):S335\'96S337.\
136. Wikstrom\'a0A,\'a0Jensen\'a0J.S.\'a0Mycoplasma genitalium: a common cause of persistent urethritis among men treated with doxycycline.\'a0Sex Transm. Infect.\'a02006;82(4):276\'96279.\
137. Bjornelius\'a0E,\'a0Anagrius\'a0C,\'a0Bojs\'a0G,\'a0et al.\'a0Antibiotic treatment of symptomatic Mycoplasma genitalium infection in Scandinavia: a controlled clinical trial.\'a0Sex Transm Infect.\'a02008;84(1):72\'9676.\
138. Orellana\'a0M.A,\'a0Gomez-Lus\'a0M.L.\'a0Which is the best empirical treatment in patients with urethritis?\'a0Rev Esp Quim.\'a02011;24(3):136\'96142.\
139. Newman\'a0L.M,\'a0Moran\'a0J.S,\'a0Workowski\'a0K.A.\'a0Update on the management of gonorrhea in adults in the United States.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02007;44(Suppl 3):S84\'96S101.\
140. Bolan\'a0R.K,\'a0Beymer\'a0M.R,\'a0Weiss\'a0R.E,\'a0Flynn\'a0R.P,\'a0Leibowitz\'a0A.A,\'a0Klausner\'a0J.D.\'a0Doxycycline prophylaxis to reduce incident syphilis among HIV-infected men who have sex with men who continue to engage in high-risk sex: a randomized, controlled pilot study.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a02015;42(2):98\'96103.\
141. Molina\'a0J.M,\'a0Charreau\'a0I,\'a0Chidiac\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0Post-exposure prophylaxis with doxycycline to prevent sexually transmitted infections in men who have sex with men: an open-label randomised substudy of the ANRS IPERGAY trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02018;18(3):308\'96317.\
142. Luetkemeyer\'a0A.F,\'a0Donnell\'a0D,\'a0Dombrowski\'a0J.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Postexposure doxycycline to prevent bacterial sexually transmitted infections.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02023;388(14):1296\'961306.\
143. Greaves\'a0A.B,\'a0Hilleman\'a0M.R,\'a0Taggart\'a0S.R,\'a0Bankhead\'a0A.B,\'a0Feld\'a0M.\'a0Chemotherapy in bubonic lymphogranuloma venereum: a clinical and serological evaluation.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01957;16(2):277\'96289.\
144. Ness\'a0R.B,\'a0Soper\'a0D.E,\'a0Holley\'a0R.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Effectiveness of inpatient and outpatient treatment strategies for women with pelvic inflammatory disease: results from the Pelvic Inflammatory Disease Evaluation and Clinical Health (PEACH) Randomized Trial.\'a0Am J Obstet Gynecol.\'a02002;186(5):929\'96937.\
145. Lantos\'a0P.M,\'a0Rumbaugh\'a0J,\'a0Bockenstedt\'a0L.K,\'a0et al.\'a0Clinical practice guidelines by the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA), American Academy of Neurology (AAN), and American College of Rheumatology (ACR): 2020 guidelines for the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of Lyme disease.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02021;72(1):1\'968.\'a0Page 351.e3.\
146. Stupica\'a0D,\'a0Collinet-Adler\'a0S,\'a0Blagus\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of erythema migrans with doxycycline for 7 days versus 14 days in Slovenia: a randomised open-label non-inferiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02022.\
147. Steere\'a0A.C,\'a0Levin\'a0R.E,\'a0Molloy\'a0P.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of Lyme arthritis.\'a0Arthritis Rheumatol.\'a01994;37(6):878\'96888.\
148. Karlsson\'a0M,\'a0Hammers-Berggren\'a0S,\'a0Lindquist\'a0L,\'a0Stiernstedt\'a0G,\'a0Svenungsson\'a0B.\'a0Comparison of intravenous penicillin G and oral doxycycline for treatment of Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Neurology.\'a01994;44(7):1203\'961207.\
149. Lj\'f8stad\'a0U,\'a0Skogvoll\'a0E,\'a0Eikeland\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Oral doxycycline versus intravenous ceftriaxone for European Lyme neuroborreliosis: a multicentre, non-inferiority, double-blind, randomised trial.\'a0Lancet Neurol.\'a02008;7(8):690\'96695.\
150. Bremell\'a0D,\'a0Dotevall\'a0L.\'a0Oral doxycycline for Lyme neuroborreliosis with symptoms of encephalitis, myelitis, vasculitis or intracranial hypertension.\'a0Eur Neurol.\'a02014;21(9):1162\'961167.\
151. Berende\'a0A,\'a0ter Hofstede\'a0H.J,\'a0Vos\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Randomized trial of longer-term therapy for symptoms attributed to Lyme disease.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02016;374(13):1209\'961220.\
152. Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Nowakowski\'a0J,\'a0Fish\'a0D,\'a0et al.\'a0Prophylaxis with single-dose doxycycline for the prevention of Lyme disease after an Ixodes scapularis tick bite.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02001;345(2):79\'9684.\
153. Perine\'a0P.L,\'a0Teklu\'a0B.\'a0Antibiotic treatment of louse-borne relapsing fever in Ethiopia: a report of 377 cases.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a01983;32(5):1096\'961100.\
154. Zenker\'a0P.N,\'a0Rolfs\'a0R.T.\'a0Treatment of syphilis, 1989.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01990;12(Suppl 6):S590\'96S609.\
155. Ghanem\'a0K.G,\'a0Erbelding\'a0E.J,\'a0Cheng\'a0W.W,\'a0Rompalo\'a0A.M.\'a0Doxycycline compared with benzathine penicillin for the treatment of early syphilis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02006;42(6):e45\'96e49.\
156. Psomas\'a0K.C,\'a0Brun\'a0M,\'a0Causse\'a0A,\'a0Atoui\'a0N,\'a0Reynes\'a0J,\'a0Le Moing\'a0V.\'a0Efficacy of ceftriaxone and doxycycline in the treatment of early syphilis.\'a0Med Mal Infect.\'a02012;42(1):15\'9619.\
157. Kang-Birken\'a0S.L,\'a0Castel\'a0U,\'a0Prichard\'a0J.G.\'a0Oral doxycycline for treatment of neurosyphilis in two patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02010;30(4):119e\'96122e.\
158. Girometti\'a0N,\'a0Junejo\'a0M.H,\'a0Nugent\'a0D,\'a0McOwan\'a0A,\'a0Whitlock\'a0G.\'a0Clinical and serological outcomes in patients treated with oral doxycycline for early neurosyphilis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02021;76(7):1916\'961919.\
159. De\'a0M.A,\'a0Solaro\'a0C,\'a0Abbruzzese\'a0M,\'a0Primavera\'a0A.\'a0Minocycline for symptomatic neurosyphilis in patients allergic to penicillin.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01997;337(18):1322\'961323.\
160. Farnsworth\'a0N,\'a0Rosen\'a0T.\'a0Endemic treponematosis: review and update.\'a0Clinics in Dermatology.\'a02006;24(3):181\'96190.\
161. Suputtamongkol\'a0Y,\'a0Niwattayakul\'a0K,\'a0Suttinont\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0An open, randomized, controlled trial of penicillin, doxycycline, and cefotaxime for patients with severe leptospirosis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02004;39(10):1417\'961424.\
162. Brett-Major\'a0D.M,\'a0Lipnick\'a0R.J.\'a0Antibiotic prophylaxis for leptospirosis.\'a0Cochrane Database Syst Rev.\'a02009(3):Cd007342.\
163. Griffith\'a0K.S,\'a0Lewis\'a0L.S,\'a0Mali\'a0S,\'a0Parise\'a0M.E.\'a0Treatment of malaria in the United States: a systematic review.\'a0JAMA.\'a02007;297(20):2264\'962277.\
164. Pukrittayakamee\'a0S,\'a0Clemens\'a0R,\'a0Chantra\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Therapeutic responses to antibacterial drugs in vivax malaria.\'a0Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg.\'a02001;95(5):524\'96528.\
165. Ohrt\'a0C,\'a0Richie\'a0T.L,\'a0Widjaja\'a0H,\'a0et al.\'a0Mefloquine compared with doxycycline for the prophylaxis of malaria in Indonesian soldiers. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01997;126(12):963\'96972.\
166. Sonmez\'a0A,\'a0Harlak\'a0A,\'a0Kilic\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0The efficacy and tolerability of doxycycline and mefloquine in malaria prophylaxis of the ISAF troops in Afghanistan.\'a0J Infect Res.\'a02005;51(3):253\'96258.\
167. Rieckmann\'a0K.H,\'a0Yeo\'a0A.E,\'a0Davis\'a0D.R,\'a0Hutton\'a0D.C,\'a0Wheatley\'a0P.F,\'a0Simpson\'a0R.\'a0Recent military experience with malaria chemoprophylaxis.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01993;158(7):446\'96449.\
168. Pang\'a0L.W,\'a0Limsomwong\'a0N,\'a0Boudreau\'a0E.F,\'a0Singharaj\'a0P.\'a0Doxycycline prophylaxis for falciparum malaria.\'a0Lancet.\'a01987;1(8543):1161\'961164.\
169. Pang\'a0L,\'a0Limsomwong\'a0N,\'a0Singharaj\'a0P.\'a0Prophylactic treatment of vivax and falciparum malaria with low-dose doxycycline.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01988;158(5):1124\'961127.\
170. Shmuklarsky\'a0M.J,\'a0Boudreau\'a0E.F,\'a0Pang\'a0L.W,\'a0et al.\'a0Failure of doxycycline as a causal prophylactic agent against Plasmodium falciparum malaria in healthy nonimmune volunteers.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01994;120(4):294\'96299.\
171. Tan\'a0K.R,\'a0Magill\'a0A.J,\'a0Parise\'a0M.E,\'a0Arguin\'a0P.M.\'a0Doxycycline for malaria chemoprophylaxis and treatment: report from the CDC expert meeting on malaria chemoprophylaxis.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02011;84(4):517\'96531.\
172. Fan\'a0M.Y,\'a0Walker\'a0D.H,\'a0Yu\'a0S.R,\'a0Liu\'a0Q.H.\'a0Epidemiology and ecology of rickettsial diseases in the People\'92s Republic of China.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(4):823\'96840.\
173. Gudiol\'a0F,\'a0Pallares\'a0R,\'a0Carratala\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Randomized double-blind evaluation of ciprofloxacin and doxycycline for Mediterranean spotted fever.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(6):987\'96988.\
174. Perine\'a0P.L,\'a0Chandler\'a0B.P,\'a0Krause\'a0D.K,\'a0et al.\'a0A clinico-epidemiological study of epidemic typhus in Africa.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01992;14(5):1149\'961158.\
175. Minniear\'a0T.D,\'a0Buckingham\'a0S.C.\'a0Managing rocky mountain spotted fever.\'a0Expert Rev Anti-infect Ther.\'a02009;7(9):1131\'961137.\
176. Ariza\'a0J,\'a0Bosilkovski\'a0M,\'a0Cascio\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Perspectives for the treatment of brucellosis in the 21st century: the Ioannina recommendations.\'a0PLoS Medicine.\'a02007;4(12):e317.\
177. Solera\'a0J,\'a0Martinez-Alfaro\'a0E,\'a0Saez\'a0L.\'a0Meta-analysis of the efficacy of the combination of +rifampicin and doxycycline in the treatment of human brucellosis.\'a0Med Clin.\'a01994;102(19):731\'96738.\
178. Hasanjani Roushan\'a0M.R,\'a0Mohraz\'a0M,\'a0Hajiahmadi\'a0M,\'a0Ramzani\'a0A,\'a0Valayati\'a0A.A.\'a0Efficacy of gentamicin plus doxycycline versus streptomycin plus doxycycline in the treatment of brucellosis in humans.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02006;42(8):1075\'961080.\
179. Hasanain\'a0A,\'a0Mahdy\'a0R,\'a0Mohamed\'a0A,\'a0Ali\'a0M.\'a0A randomized, comparative study of dual therapy (doxycycline-rifampin) versus triple therapy (doxycycline-rifampin-levofloxacin) for treating acute/subacute brucellosis.\'a0Braz J Infect Dis.\'a02016;20(3):250\'96254.\
180. Pappas\'a0G,\'a0Seitaridis\'a0S,\'a0Akritidis\'a0N,\'a0Tsianos\'a0E.\'a0Treatment of brucella spondylitis: lessons from an impossible meta-analysis and initial report of efficacy of a fluoroquinolone-containing regimen.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;24(5):502\'96507.\
181. Powell\'a0O.W,\'a0Kennedy\'a0K.P,\'a0Mc\'a0I.M,\'a0Silverstone\'a0H.\'a0Tetracycline in the treatment of \'93Q\'94 fever.\'a0Australas Ann Med.\'a01962;11:184\'96188.\
182. Spelman\'a0D.W.\'a0Q fever: a study of 111 consecutive cases.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01982;1(13):547\'96548\'a0551, 553.\
183. Maurin\'a0M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Q fever.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a01999;12(4):518\'96553.\
184. Ferrante\'a0M.A,\'a0Dolan\'a0M.J.\'a0Q fever meningoencephalitis in a soldier returning from the Persian Gulf War.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01993;16(4):489\'96496.\
185. Fenollar\'a0F,\'a0Fournier\'a0P.E,\'a0Carrieri\'a0M.P,\'a0Habib\'a0G,\'a0Messana\'a0T,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Risks factors and prevention of Q fever endocarditis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;33(3):312\'96316.\
186. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Houpikian\'a0P,\'a0Tissot Dupont\'a0H,\'a0Riss\'a0J.M,\'a0Arditi-Djiane\'a0J,\'a0Brouqui\'a0P.\'a0Treatment of Q fever endocarditis: comparison of 2 regimens containing doxycycline and ofloxacin or hydroxychloroquine.\'a0Arch Intern Med.\'a01999;159(2):167\'96173.\
187. Chaowagul\'a0W,\'a0Chierakul\'a0W,\'a0Simpson\'a0A.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Open-label randomized trial of oral trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, doxycycline, and chloramphenicol compared with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole and doxycycline for maintenance therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(10):4020\'964025.\
188. Chaowagul\'a0W,\'a0Simpson\'a0A.J,\'a0Suputtamongkol\'a0Y,\'a0Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Angus\'a0B.J,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0A comparison of chloramphenicol, trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, and doxycycline with doxycycline alone as maintenance therapy for melioidosis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01999;29(2):375\'96380.\
189. Fredeking\'a0T.M,\'a0Zavala-Castro\'a0J.E,\'a0Gonzalez-Martinez\'a0P,\'a0et al.\'a0Dengue patients treated with doxycycline showed lower mortality associated to a reduction in IL-6 and TNF levels.\'a0Recent Patents on Anti-infective Drug Discovery.\'a02015;10(1):51\'9658.\
190. Haik\'a0S,\'a0Marcon\'a0G,\'a0Mallet\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline in Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease: a phase 2, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0The Lancet Neurology.\'a02014;13(2):150\'96158.\
191. Varges\'a0D,\'a0Manthey\'a0H,\'a0Heinemann\'a0U,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline in early CJD: a double-blinded randomised phase II and observational study.\'a0J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry Res.\'a02017;88(2):119\'96125.\
192. Ritchie\'a0D.J,\'a0Garavaglia-Wilson\'a0A.\'a0A review of intravenous minocycline for treatment of multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter infections.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02014;59(Suppl 6):S374\'96S380.\
193. Pogue\'a0J.M,\'a0Neelakanta\'a0A,\'a0Mynatt\'a0R.P,\'a0Sharma\'a0S,\'a0Lephart\'a0P,\'a0Kaye\'a0K.S.\'a0Carbapenem-resistance in gram-negative bacilli and intravenous minocycline: an antimicrobial stewardship approach at the Detroit Medical Center.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02014;59(Suppl 6):S388\'96S393.\
194. Hand\'a0E,\'a0Davis\'a0H,\'a0Kim\'a0T,\'a0Duhon\'a0B.\'a0Monotherapy with minocycline or trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole for treatment of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia infections.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02016;71(4):1071\'961075.\
195. Tan\'a0H.H.\'a0Antibacterial therapy for acne: a guide to selection and use of systemic agents.\'a0Am J Clin Dermatol.\'a02003;4(5):307\'96314.\
196. Stewart\'a0D.M,\'a0Torok\'a0H.M,\'a0Weiss\'a0J.S,\'a0Plott\'a0R.T.\'a0Dose-ranging efficacy of new once-daily extended-release minocycline for acne vulgaris.\'a0Cutis.\'a02006;78(4 Suppl):11\'9620.\
197. O\'92Dell\'a0J.R,\'a0Elliott\'a0J.R,\'a0Mallek\'a0J.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of early seropositive rheumatoid arthritis: doxycycline plus methotrexate versus methotrexate alone.\'a0Arthritis and Rheumatism.\'a02006;54(2):621\'96627.\
198. Tilley\'a0B.C,\'a0Alarcon\'a0G.S,\'a0Heyse\'a0S.P,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline in rheumatoid arthritis. A 48-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. MIRA Trial Group.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01995;122(2):81\'9689.\
199. O\'92Dell\'a0J.R,\'a0Paulsen\'a0G,\'a0Haire\'a0C.E,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of early seropositive rheumatoid arthritis with minocycline: four-year followup of a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0Arthritis and Rheumatol.\'a01999;42(8):1691\'961695.\
200. Matsuyama\'a0A,\'a0Sakai\'a0N,\'a0Ishigami\'a0M,\'a0Hiraoka\'a0H,\'a0Yamashita\'a0S.\'a0Minocycline for the treatment of Takayasu arteritis.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a02005;143(5):394\'96395.\
201. Sorensen\'a0P.S,\'a0Sellebjerg\'a0F,\'a0Lycke\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline added to subcutaneous interferon \uc0\u946 -1a in multiple sclerosis: randomized RECYCLINE study.\'a0Eur Neurol.\'a02016;23(5):861\'96870.\
202. Metz\'a0L.M,\'a0Li\'a0D.K.B,\'a0Traboulsee\'a0A.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Trial of minocycline in a clinically isolated syndrome of multiple sclerosis.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02017;376(22):2122\'962133.\
203. Brouillard\'a0J.E,\'a0Terriff\'a0C.M,\'a0Tofan\'a0A,\'a0Garrison\'a0M.W.\'a0Antibiotic selection and resistance issues with fluoroquinolones and doxycycline against bioterrorism agents.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02006;26(1):3\'9614.\
204. Roberts\'a0M.C.\'a0Tetracycline resistance determinants: mechanisms of action, regulation of expression, genetic mobility, and distribution.\'a0FEMS Microbiol Rev.\'a01996;19(1):1\'9624.\
205. Roberts\'a0M.C.\'a0Tetracycline therapy: update.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02003;36(4):462\'96467.\
206. Chopra\'a0I.\'a0New developments in tetracycline antibiotics: glycylcyclines and tetracycline efflux pump inhibitors.\'a0Drug Resistance Updates.\'a02002;5(3\'964):119\'96125.\
207. Paulsen\'a0I.T,\'a0Brown\'a0M.H,\'a0Skurray\'a0R.A.\'a0Proton-dependent multidrug efflux systems.\'a0Microbiol Rev.\'a01996;60(4):575\'96608.\
208. Connell\'a0S.R,\'a0Tracz\'a0D.M,\'a0Nierhaus\'a0K.H,\'a0Taylor\'a0D.E.\'a0Ribosomal protection proteins and their mechanism of tetracycline resistance.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(12):3675\'963681.\
209. Rasmussen\'a0B.A,\'a0Gluzman\'a0Y,\'a0Tally\'a0F.P.\'a0Inhibition of protein synthesis occurring on tetracycline-resistant, TetM-protected ribosomes by a novel class of tetracyclines, the glycylcyclines.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(7):1658\'961660.\
210. Melville\'a0C.M,\'a0Scott\'a0K.P,\'a0Mercer\'a0D.K,\'a0Flint\'a0H.J.\'a0Novel tetracycline resistance gene, tet(32), in the Clostridium-related human colonic anaerobe K10 and its transmission in\'a0vitro to the rumen anaerobe Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02001;45(11):3246\'963249.\
211. Speer\'a0B.S,\'a0Salyers\'a0A.A.\'a0Novel aerobic tetracycline resistance gene that chemically modifies tetracycline.\'a0J Bacter.\'a01989;171(1):148\'96153.\
212. Yang\'a0W,\'a0Moore\'a0I.F,\'a0Koteva\'a0K.P,\'a0Bareich\'a0D.C,\'a0Hughes\'a0D.W,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0TetX is a flavin-dependent monooxygenase conferring resistance to tetracycline antibiotics.\'a0J Biol Chem.\'a02004;279(50):52346\'9652352.\
213. Moore\'a0I.F,\'a0Hughes\'a0D.W,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0Tigecycline is modified by the flavin-dependent monooxygenase TetX.\'a0Biochemistry.\'a02005;44(35):11829\'9611835.\
214. Cohen\'a0S.P,\'a0McMurry\'a0L.M,\'a0Levy\'a0S.B.\'a0marA locus causes decreased expression of OmpF porin in multiple-antibiotic-resistant (Mar) mutants of Escherichia coli.\'a0J Bacteriol.\'a01988;170(12):5416\'965422.\
215. Gerrits\'a0M.M,\'a0de Zoete\'a0M.R,\'a0Arents\'a0N.L,\'a0Kuipers\'a0E.J,\'a0Kusters\'a0J.G.\'a016S rRNA mutation-mediated tetracycline resistance in Helicobacter pylori.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02002;46(9):2996\'963000.\
216. Trieber\'a0C.A,\'a0Taylor\'a0D.E.\'a0Mutations in the 16S rRNA genes of Helicobacter pylori mediate resistance to tetracycline.\'a0J Bacteriol.\'a02002;184(8):2131\'962140.\
217. Smith\'a0K,\'a0Leyden\'a0J.J.\'a0Safety of doxycycline and minocycline: a systematic review.\'a0Clin Therap.\'a02005;27(9):1329\'961342.\
218. Lebrun-Vignes\'a0B,\'a0Kreft-Jais\'a0C,\'a0Castot\'a0A,\'a0Chosidow\'a0O.\'a0Comparative analysis of adverse drug reactions to tetracyclines: results of a French national survey and review of the literature.\'a0Br JPage 351.e1\
References\
1. Duggar\'a0B.M.\'a0Aureomycin: a product of the continuing search for new antibiotics.\'a0Ann NY Acad Sci.\'a01948;51(2):177\'96181.\
2. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Tetracycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:843\'96850.\
3. Sabundayo\'a0B.P,\'a0Standiford\'a0H.C.\'a0Tetracyclines and analogues.\'a0In:\'a0Yu\'a0V.L,\'a0Edwards\'a0G,\'a0McKinnon\'a0P.S,\'a0Peolquin\'a0C,\'a0Morse\'a0G.D,\'a0eds.\'a0Antimicrobial Therapy and Vaccines, 2nd Edition. Vol II: Antimicrobial Agents.\'a02nd ed.\'a0Pittsburgh, PA:\'a0ESun Technologies LLC;\'a02005:461\'96476.\
4. Levy\'a0S.B,\'a0FitzGerald\'a0G.B,\'a0Macone\'a0A.B.\'a0Changes in intestinal flora of farm personnel after introduction of a tetracycline-supplemented feed on a farm.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01976;295(11):583\'96588.\
5. DuPont\'a0H,\'a0Steele\'a0J.H.\'a0Use of antimicrobial agents in animal feeds: implications for human health.\'a0Rev of Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(3):447\'96460.\
6. Thaker\'a0M,\'a0Spanogiannopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0The tetracycline resistome.\'a0Cell Mol Life Sci.\'a02010;67(3):419\'96431.\
7. Perks\'a0W.H,\'a0Walters\'a0E.H,\'a0Tams\'a0I.P,\'a0Prowse\'a0K.\'a0Demeclocycline in the treatment of the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone.\'a0Thorax.\'a01979;34(3):324\'96327.\
8. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Roberts\'a0M.\'a0Tetracycline antibiotics: mode of action, applications, molecular biology, and epidemiology of bacterial resistance.\'a0MMBR.\'a02001;65(2):232\'96260.\
9. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hacker\'a0K.\'a0Inhibition of K88-mediated adhesion of Escherichia coli to mammalian receptors by antibiotics that affect bacterial protein synthesis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01986;18(4):441\'96451.\
10. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Doxycycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:851\'96869.\
11. Dahl\'a0E.L,\'a0Shock\'a0J.L,\'a0Shenai\'a0B.R,\'a0Gut\'a0J,\'a0DeRisi\'a0J.L,\'a0Rosenthal\'a0P.J.\'a0Tetracyclines specifically target the apicoplast of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(9):3124\'963131.\
12. Ribush\'a0N,\'a0Morgan\'a0T.\'a0Tetracyclines and renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01972;1(2):53\'9655.\
13. Kunin\'a0C.M.\'a0A guide to use of antibiotics in patients with renal disease. A table of recommended doses and factors governing serum levels.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01967;67(1):151\'96158.\
14. Heaney\'a0D,\'a0Eknoyan\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline and doxycycline kinetics in chronic renal failure.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01978;24(2):233\'96239.\
15. Whelton\'a0A,\'a0Schach von Wittenau\'a0M,\'a0Twomey\'a0T.M,\'a0Walker\'a0W.G,\'a0Bianchine\'a0J.R.\'a0Doxycycline pharmacokinetics in the absence of renal function.\'a0Kidney Int.\'a01974;5(5):365\'96371.\
16. Thiim\'a0M,\'a0Friedman\'a0L.S.\'a0Hepatotoxicity of antibiotics and antifungals.\'a0Clinics in Liver Disease.\'a02003;7(2):381\'96399\'a0vi-vii.\
17. Horrevorts\'a0A,\'a0Pluim\'a0M.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:870\'96880.\
18. Carney\'a0S,\'a0Butcher\'a0R.A,\'a0Dawborn\'a0J.K,\'a0Pattison\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline excretion and distribution in relation to renal function in man.\'a0Clin Exp Pharmacol.\'a01974;1(4):299\'96308.\
19. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Shaw\'a0W.R,\'a0Uman\'a0S.J,\'a0Tse\'a0F.L,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of minocycline in renal failure.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;8(5):532\'96537.\
20. Bernard\'a0B,\'a0Yin\'a0E.J,\'a0Simon\'a0H.J.\'a0Clinical pharmacologic studies with minocycline.\'a0The J Clin Pharmacol.\'a01971;11(5):332\'96348.\
21. George\'a0C.R,\'a0Guinness\'a0M.D,\'a0Lark\'a0D.J,\'a0Evans\'a0R.A.\'a0Minocycline toxicity in renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01973;1(13):640\'96641.\
22. Jonas\'a0M,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0Ther Drug Monit.\'a01982;4(2):137\'96145.\
23. Wood\'a0M.J,\'a0Farrell\'a0W,\'a0Kattan\'a0S,\'a0Williams\'a0J.D.\'a0Activity of minocycline and tetracycline against respiratory pathogens related to blood levels.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01975;1(3):323\'96331.\
24. Sklenar\'a0I,\'a0Spring\'a0P,\'a0Dettli\'a0L.\'a0One-dose and multiple-dose kinetics of minocycline in patients with renal disease.\'a0Agents and Actions.\'a01977;7(3):369\'96377.\
25. Smith\'a0C,\'a0Woods\'a0C.G,\'a0Woods\'a0M.J.\'a0Absorption of minocycline.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01984;13(1):93.\
26. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Koch\'a0P.A,\'a0Lau\'a0C.C,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Bioavailability of tetracycline and doxycycline in fasted and nonfasted subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(3):462\'96469.\
27. Neuvonen\'a0P.J.\'a0Interactions with the absorption of tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a01976;11(1):45\'9654.\
28. Agwuh\'a0K.N,\'a0MacGowan\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of the tetracyclines including glycylcyclines.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(2):256\'96265.\
29. Fabre\'a0J,\'a0Milek\'a0E,\'a0Kalfopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Merier\'a0G.\'a0[Kinetics of tetracyclines in human. II. Excretion, penetration into normal and inflammed tissues, behavior in a case of renal insufficiency and in hemodialysis].\'a0Schweiz Med Wochenschr.\'a01971;101(18):625\'96633.\
30. Macdonald\'a0H,\'a0Kelly\'a0R.G,\'a0Allen\'a0E.S,\'a0Noble\'a0J.F,\'a0Kanegis\'a0L.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetic studies on minocycline in man.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01973;14(5):852\'96861.\
31. Lundberg\'a0C,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentration of penicillin V and tetracycline in maxillary sinus secretion after repeated doses.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(2):123\'96133.\
32. Ruhen\'a0R.W,\'a0Tandon\'a0M.K.\'a0Comparative effectiveness of tetracycline, minocycline and doxycycline in treatment of acute-on-chronic bronchitis. A study based on sputum levels.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01976;1(6):151\'96153.\
33. Chow\'a0A.W,\'a0Jewesson\'a0P.J.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and safety of antimicrobial agents during pregnancy.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01985;7(3):287\'96313.\
34. Alestig\'a0K.\'a0Studies on doxycycline during intravenous and oral treatment with reference to renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(3):193\'96198.\
35. Andersson\'a0K.E,\'a0Mardh\'a0P.A,\'a0Akerlund\'a0M.\'a0Passage of doxycycline into extracellular fluid.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):7\'9611.\
36. Eliasson\'a0R,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentrations of doxycycline in human seminal plasma.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):32\'9636.\
37. Lode\'a0H.\'a0Penetration of antibiotics into the pleural fluid.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01979;5(2):122\'96124.\
38. Schreiner\'a0A,\'a0Digranes\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of lymecycline and doxycycline in serum and suction blister fluid.\'a0Chemotherapy.\'a01985;31(4):261\'96265.\
39. Marlin\'a0G.E,\'a0Cheng\'a0S,\'a0Thompson\'a0P.J.\'a0Sputum and plasma doxycycline concentrations after a single oral 600 mg doxycycline dose in patients with chronic bronchitis.\'a0Eur J Respir Dis.\'a01981;62(4):276\'96280.\
40. Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0The detection of doxycycline activity in human bone.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):47\'9653.\
41. Gnarpe\'a0H,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Hagg\'a0O.\'a0Doxycycline concentration levels in bone, soft tissue and serum after intravenous infusion of doxycycline. A clinical study.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):54\'9657.\
42. Bystedt\'a0H,\'a0A\'a0D.A,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E.\'a0Concentrations of azidocillin, erythromycin, doxycycline and clindamycin in human mandibular bone.\'a0Int J Oral Surg.\'a01978;7(5):442\'96449.\
43. Dotevall\'a0L,\'a0Hagberg\'a0L.\'a0Penetration of doxycycline into cerebrospinal fluid in patients treated for suspected Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(7):1078\'961080.\
44. Yim\'a0C.W,\'a0Flynn\'a0N.M,\'a0Fitzgerald\'a0F.T.\'a0Penetration of oral doxycycline into the cerebrospinal fluid of patients with latent or neurosyphilis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01985;28(2):347\'96348.\
45. Nikaido\'a0H,\'a0Thanassi\'a0D.G.\'a0Penetration of lipophilic agents with multiple protonation sites into bacterial cells: tetracyclines and fluoroquinolones as examples.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01993;37(7):1393\'961399.\
46. Bergogne-Berezin\'a0E,\'a0Lambert-Zechovsky\'a0N,\'a0Morel\'a0C.\'a0[Pharmacokinetics of antibiotics in bronchial secretions. 250 cases].\'a0La Nouvelle Presse Medicale.\'a01977;6(38):3548.\
47. Hensle\'a0T.W,\'a0Prout\'a0GR.\'a0J.r,\'a0Griffin\'a0P.\'a0Minocycline diffusion into benign prostatic hyperplasia.\'a0The Journal of Urology.\'a01977;118(4):609\'96611.\
48. Hoeprich\'a0P.D,\'a0Warshauer\'a0D.M.\'a0Entry of four tetracyclines into saliva and tears.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01974;5(3):330\'96336.\
49. Steigbigel\'a0N.H,\'a0Reed\'a0C.W,\'a0Finland\'a0M.\'a0Absorption and excretion of five tetracycline analogues in normal young men.\'a0The American Journal of the Medical Sciences.\'a01968;255:296\'96312.\
50. Mahon\'a0W.A,\'a0Johnson\'a0G.E,\'a0Endrenyl\'a0L,\'a0Kelly\'a0M.F,\'a0Fenton\'a0S.S.\'a0The elimination of tritiated doxycycline in normal subjects and in patients with severely impaired renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):24\'9631.\
51. Saivin\'a0S,\'a0Houin\'a0G.\'a0Clinical pharmacokinetics of doxycycline and minocycline.\'a0Clin Pharmacokinet.\'a01988;15(6):355\'96366.\
52. CLSI, .\'a0Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; Thirty-Second Informational Supplement.\'a0Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute;\'a02022.\
53. Diekema\'a0D.J,\'a0Pfaller\'a0M.A,\'a0Schmitz\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Survey of infections due to Staphylococcus species: frequency of occurrence and antimicrobial susceptibility of isolates collected in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, and the Western Pacific Region for the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997\'961999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):114\'96132.\
54. Holmes\'a0R.L,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0J.H.\'a0Inhibitory activities of 11 antimicrobial agents and bactericidal activities of vancomycin and daptomycin against invasive methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates obtained from 1999 through 2006.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(2):757\'96760.\
55. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Palatnick\'a0L,\'a0Nichol\'a0K.A,\'a0Bellyou\'a0T,\'a0Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance in respiratory tract Streptococcus pneumoniae isolates: results of the Canadian Respiratory Organism Susceptibility Study, 1997 to 2002.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(6):1867\'961874.\
56. Koeth\'a0L.M,\'a0Felmingham\'a0D,\'a0Jacobs\'a0M.R,\'a0Rossi\'a0F.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae in Sao Paulo, Brazil from 1996 to 2000.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):356\'96361.\
57. Jones\'a0R.N,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R.\'a0Doxycycline use for community-acquired pneumonia: contemporary in\'a0vitro spectrum of activity against Streptococcus pneumoniae (1999-2002).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02004;49(2):147\'96149.\
58. Wimmerstedt\'a0A,\'a0Kahlmeter\'a0G.\'a0Associated antimicrobial resistance in Escherichia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus pyogenes.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02008;14(4):315\'96321.\
59. Persson\'a0E,\'a0Berg\'a0S,\'a0Bergseng\'a0H,\'a0Bergh\'a0K,\'a0Valso-Lyng\'a0R,\'a0Trollfors\'a0B.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of invasive group B streptococcal isolates from south-west Sweden 1988-2001.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02008;40(4):308\'96313.\
60. Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Keller\'a0N,\'a0Barth\'a0A,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Clinical prevalence, antimicrobial susceptibility, and geographic resistance patterns of enterococci: results from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997-1999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):S133\'96S145.\
61. Holmberg\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0Antimicrobial in\'a0vitro susceptibility of Actinomyces israelii and Arachnia propionica.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01977;9(1):40\'9645.\
62. Vitas\'a0A.I,\'a0Sanchez\'a0R.M,\'a0Aguado\'a0V,\'a0Garcia-Jalon\'a0I.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of Listeria monocytogenes isolated from food and clinical cases in Navarra, Spain.\'a0J Food Prot.\'a02007;70(10):2402\'962406.\
63. Mohammed\'a0M.J,\'a0Marston\'a0C.K,\'a0Popovic\'a0T,\'a0Weyant\'a0R.S,\'a0Tenover\'a0F.C.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Bacillus anthracis: comparison of results obtained by using the National Committee for Clinical Laboratory Standards broth microdilution reference and Etest agar gradient diffusion methods.\'a0J Clin Microbiol.\'a02002;40(6):1902\'961907.\
64. Frean\'a0J,\'a0Klugman\'a0K.P,\'a0Arntzen\'a0L,\'a0Bukofzer\'a0S.\'a0Susceptibility of Bacillus anthracis to eleven antimicrobial agents including novel fluoroquinolones and a ketolide.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(2):297\'96299.\
65. Hernandez\'a0E,\'a0Girardet\'a0M,\'a0Ramisse\'a0F,\'a0Vidal\'a0D,\'a0Cavallo\'a0J.D.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibilities of 94 isolates of Yersinia pestis to 24 antimicrobial agents.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(6):1029\'961031.\
66. Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Vinh\'a0D.X,\'a0Nguyen\'a0T.T,\'a0Wain\'a0J,\'a0Thung\'a0D,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibilities of strains of Yersinia pestis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(9):2153\'962154.\
67. Schonberg-Norio\'a0D,\'a0Hanninen\'a0M.L,\'a0Katila\'a0M.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Activities of telithromycin, erythromycin, fluoroquinolones, and doxycycline against Campylobacter strains isolated from Finnish subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(3):1086\'961088.\
68. Morris\'a0Jr.\'a0J.G.\'a0Black RE. Cholera and other vibrioses in the United States.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01985;312(6):343\'96350.\
69. Ottaviani\'a0D,\'a0Bacchiocchi\'a0I,\'a0Masini\'a0L,\'a0et al.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of potentially pathogenic halophilic vibrios isolated from seafood.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;18(2):135\'96140.\
70. Midani\'a0S,\'a0Rathore\'a0M.H.\'a0Vibrio species infection of a catfish spine puncture wound.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01994;13(4):333\'96334.\
71. Fernandez-Cuenca\'a0F,\'a0Tomas-Carmona\'a0M,\'a0Caballero-Moyano\'a0F,\'a0et al.\'a0[In vitro activity of 18 antimicrobial agents against clinical isolates of Acinetobacter spp.: multicenter national study GEIH-REIPI-Ab 2010.].\'a0Enferm Infecc Microbiol Clin.\'a02012.\
72. Jenney\'a0A.W,\'a0Lum\'a0G,\'a0Fisher\'a0D.A,\'a0Currie\'a0B.J.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibility of Burkholderia pseudomallei from tropical northern Australia and implications for therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;17(2):109\'96113.\
73. Nicodemo\'a0A.C,\'a0Araujo\'a0M.R,\'a0Ruiz\'a0A.S,\'a0Gales\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia isolates: comparison of disc diffusion, Etest and agar dilution methods.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02004;53(4):604\'96608.\
74. Janda\'a0J.M,\'a0Guthertz\'a0L.S,\'a0Kokka\'a0R.P,\'a0Shimada\'a0T.\'a0Aeromonas species in septicemia: laboratory characteristics and clinical observations.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01994;19(1):77\'9683.\
75. Flamm\'a0R.K,\'a0Castanheira\'a0M,\'a0Streit\'a0J.M,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Minocycline activity tested against Acinetobacter baumannii complex, Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, and Burkholderia cepacia species complex isolates from a global surveillance program (2013).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02016;85(3):352\'96355.\
76. Li\'a0X.Z,\'a0Livermore\'a0D.M,\'a0Nikaido\'a0H.\'a0Role of efflux pump(s) in intrinsic resistance of Pseudomonas aeruginosa: resistance to tetracycline, chloramphenicol, and norfloxacin.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(8):1732\'961741.\'a0Page 351.e2.\
77. Schaumann\'a0R,\'a0Ackermann\'a0G,\'a0Pless\'a0B,\'a0Claros\'a0M.C,\'a0Goldstein\'a0E.J,\'a0Rodloff\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of fourteen antimicrobial agents against obligately anaerobic bacteria.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(3):225\'96232.\
78. Baykam\'a0N,\'a0Esener\'a0H,\'a0Ergonul\'a0O,\'a0Eren\'a0S,\'a0Celikbas\'a0A.K,\'a0Dokuzoguz\'a0B.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibility of Brucella species.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):405\'96407.\
79. Dorbecker\'a0C,\'a0Sander\'a0A,\'a0Oberle\'a0K,\'a0Schulin-Casonato\'a0T.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Bartonella species to 17 antimicrobial compounds: comparison of Etest and agar dilution.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(4):784\'96788.\
80. Bebear\'a0C,\'a0Pereyre\'a0S,\'a0Peuchant\'a0O.\'a0Mycoplasma pneumoniae: susceptibility and resistance to antibiotics.\'a0Future Microbiology.\'a02011;6(4):423\'96431.\
81. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Bryskier\'a0A,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0Comparative activities of telithromycin (HMR 3647), levofloxacin, and other antimicrobial agents against human mycoplasmas.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(7):1980\'961982.\
82. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Charron\'a0A,\'a0Gruson\'a0D,\'a0Lefrancois\'a0M,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of trovafloxacin compared to those of five antimicrobials against mycoplasmas including Mycoplasma hominis and Ureaplasma urealyticum fluoroquinolone-resistant isolates that have been genetically characterized.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(9):2557\'962560.\
83. Schulin\'a0T,\'a0Wennersten\'a0C.B,\'a0Ferraro\'a0M.J,\'a0Moellering\'a0Jr.\'a0R.C,\'a0Eliopoulos\'a0G.M.\'a0Susceptibilities of Legionella spp. to newer antimicrobials in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01998;42(6):1520\'961523.\
84. Critchley\'a0I.A,\'a0Jones\'a0M.E,\'a0Heinze\'a0P.D,\'a0et al.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of levofloxacin against contemporary clinical isolates of Legionella pneumophila, Mycoplasma pneumoniae and Chlamydia pneumoniae from North America and Europe.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02002;8(4):214\'96221.\
85. Roblin\'a0P.M,\'a0Hammerschlag\'a0M.R.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of GAR-936 against Chlamydia pneumoniae and Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(1):61\'9663.\
86. Butaye\'a0P,\'a0Ducatelle\'a0R,\'a0De Backer\'a0P,\'a0Vermeersch\'a0H,\'a0Remon\'a0J.P,\'a0Haesebrouck\'a0F.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of doxycycline and enrofloxacin against European Chlamydia psittaci strains from turkeys.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01997;41(12):2800\'962801.\
87. Samra\'a0Z,\'a0Rosenberg\'a0S,\'a0Soffer\'a0Y,\'a0Dan\'a0M.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of recent clinical isolates of Chlamydia trachomatis to macrolides and tetracyclines.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02001;39(3):177\'96179.\
88. Wormser\'a0G.P,\'a0Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Dattwyler\'a0R.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Practice guidelines for the treatment of Lyme disease. The infectious diseases society of America.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02000;31(Suppl 1):1\'9614.\
89. Ates\'a0L,\'a0Hanssen-Hubner\'a0C,\'a0Norris\'a0D.E,\'a0Richter\'a0D,\'a0Kraiczy\'a0P,\'a0Hunfeld\'a0K.P.\'a0Comparison of in\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline, doxycycline, and tetracycline against the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi.\'a0Ticks Tick Borne Dis.\'a02010;1(1):30\'9634.\
90. Murray\'a0C.K,\'a0Ellis\'a0M.W,\'a0Hospenthal\'a0D.R.\'a0Susceptibility of Leptospira serovars to antimalarial agents.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02004;71(5):685\'96686.\
91. Norris\'a0S.J,\'a0Edmondson\'a0D.G.\'a0In\'a0vitro culture system to determine MICs and MBCs of antimicrobial agents against Treponema pallidum subsp. pallidum (Nichols strain).\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01988;32(1):68\'9674.\
92. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Roussellier\'a0P,\'a0Vestris\'a0G,\'a0Tamalet\'a0J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antibiotic susceptibility of Rickettsia rickettsii and Rickettsia conorii: plaque assay and microplaque colorimetric assay.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01987;155(5):1059\'961062.\
93. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Drancourt\'a0M.\'a0Antimicrobial therapy of rickettsial diseases.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01991;35(12):2457\'962462.\
94. Branger\'a0S,\'a0Rolain\'a0J.M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Evaluation of antibiotic susceptibilities of Ehrlichia canis, Ehrlichia chaffeensis, and Anaplasma phagocytophilum by real-time PCR.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02004;48(12):4822\'964828.\
95. Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J.\'a0Clinical and taxonomic status of pathogenic nonpigmented or late-pigmenting rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a02002;15(4):716\'96746.\
96. Uslan\'a0D.Z,\'a0Kowalski\'a0T.J,\'a0Wengenack\'a0N.L,\'a0Virk\'a0A,\'a0Wilson\'a0J.W.\'a0Skin and soft tissue infections due to rapidly growing mycobacteria: comparison of clinical features, treatment, and susceptibility.\'a0Archives of Dermatology.\'a02006;142(10):1287\'961292.\
97. Wallace\'a0R.J,\'a0Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Crist\'a0C.J,\'a0Mann\'a0L,\'a0Wilson\'a0R.W.\'a0Comparison of the in\'a0vitro activity of the glycylcycline tigecycline (Formerly GAR-936) with those of tetracycline, minocycline, and doxycycline against isolates of nontuberculous mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02002;46(10):3164\'963167.\
98. Rhomberg\'a0P.R,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of 11 antimicrobial agents, including gatifloxacin and GAR936, tested against clinical isolates of Mycobacterium marinum.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02002;42(2):145\'96147.\
99. da Silva Telles\'a0M.A,\'a0Chimara\'a0E,\'a0Ferrazoli\'a0L,\'a0Riley\'a0L.W.\'a0Mycobacterium kansasii: antibiotic susceptibility and PCR-restriction analysis of clinical isolates.\'a0J Med Microbiol.\'a02005;54(Pt 10):975\'96979.\
100. Balabanova\'a0Y,\'a0Ruddy\'a0M,\'a0Hubb\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in Russia: clinical characteristics, analysis of second-line drug resistance and development of standardized therapy.\'a0Eur J Clin Microbiol.\'a02005;24(2):136\'96139.\
101. Walker\'a0N.F,\'a0Clark\'a0S.O,\'a0Oni\'a0T,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline and HIV infection suppress tuberculosis-induced matrix metalloproteinases.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02012;185(9):989\'96997.\
102. Brown\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J,\'a0Onyi\'a0G.\'a0Activities of the glycylcyclines N,N-dimethylglycylamido-minocycline and N,N-dimethylglycylamido-6-demethyl-6-deoxytetracycline against Nocardia spp. and tetracycline-resistant isolates of rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01996;40(4):874\'96878.\
103. Cercenado\'a0E,\'a0Marin\'a0M,\'a0Sanchez-Martinez\'a0M,\'a0Cuevas\'a0O,\'a0Martinez-Alarcon\'a0J,\'a0Bouza\'a0E.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline and eight other antimicrobials against different Nocardia species identified by molecular methods.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02007;51(3):1102\'961104.\
104. Chang\'a0H.R,\'a0Comte\'a0R,\'a0Pechere\'a0J.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro and in\'a0vivo effects of doxycycline on Toxoplasma gondii.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01990;34(5):775\'96780.\
105. Edlind\'a0T.D.\'a0Tetracyclines as antiparasitic agents: lipophilic derivatives are highly active against Giardia lamblia in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(12):2144\'962145.\
106. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hawkey\'a0P.M,\'a0Hinton\'a0M.\'a0Tetracyclines, molecular and clinical aspects.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01992;29(3):245\'96277.\
107. Metlay\'a0J.P,\'a0Waterer\'a0G.W,\'a0Long\'a0A.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Diagnosis and treatment of adults with community-acquired pneumonia. An official clinical practice guideline of the American Thoracic Society and Infectious Diseases Society of America.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02019;200(7):e45\'96e67.\
108. Choi\'a0S.H,\'a0Cesar\'a0A,\'a0Snow\'a0T.A.C,\'a0Saleem\'a0N,\'a0Arulkumaran\'a0N,\'a0Singer\'a0M.\'a0Efficacy of doxycycline for mild-to-moderate community-acquired pneumonia in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02022.\
109. Klein\'a0N.C,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Treatment of legionnaires\'92 disease.\'a0Semin Respir Infect.\'a01998;13(2):140\'96146.\
110. Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0The atypical pneumonias: clinical diagnosis and importance.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02006;12(Suppl 3):12\'9624.\
111. Shames\'a0J.M,\'a0George\'a0R.B,\'a0Holliday\'a0W.B,\'a0Rasch\'a0J.R,\'a0Mogabgab\'a0W.J.\'a0Comparison of antibiotics in the treatment of mycoplasmal pneumonia.\'a0Arch Intern Med.\'a01970;125(4):680\'96684.\
112. Jawetz\'a0E.\'a0Chemotherapy of chlamydial infections.\'a0Adv Pharmacol Chemother.\'a01969;7:253\'96282.\
113. Yung\'a0A.P,\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L.\'a0Psittacosis--a review of 135 cases.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01988;148(5):228\'96233.\
114. Khatib\'a0R,\'a0Thirumoorthi\'a0M.C,\'a0Kelly\'a0B,\'a0Grady\'a0K.J.\'a0Severe psittacosis during pregnancy and suppression of antibody response with early therapy.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01995;27(5):519\'96521.\
115. Lindenbaum\'a0J,\'a0Greenough\'a0W.B,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Antibiotic therapy of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01967;36(6):871\'96883.\
116. McCormack\'a0W.M,\'a0Chowdhury\'a0A.M,\'a0Jahangir\'a0N,\'a0Ahmed\'a0A.B,\'a0Mosley\'a0W.H.\'a0Tetracycline prophylaxis in families of cholera patients.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01968;38(5):787\'96792.\
117. Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Single dose tetracycline in cholera.\'a0Gut.\'a01987;28(8):1029\'961032.\
118. Rabbani\'a0G.H,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R,\'a0Butler\'a0T,\'a0Shahrier\'a0M,\'a0Alam\'a0K.\'a0Single-dose treatment of cholera with furazolidone or tetracycline in a double-blind randomized trial.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(9):1447\'961450.\
119. De\'a0S,\'a0Chaudhuri\'a0A,\'a0Dutta\'a0P,\'a0Dutta\'a0D,\'a0De\'a0S.P,\'a0Pal\'a0S.C.\'a0Doxycycline in the treatment of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01976;54(2):177\'96179.\
120. Yamamoto\'a0T,\'a0Nair\'a0G.B,\'a0Albert\'a0M.J,\'a0Parodi\'a0C.C,\'a0Takeda\'a0Y.\'a0Survey of in\'a0vitro susceptibilities of Vibrio cholerae O1 and O139 to antimicrobial agents.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(1):241\'96244.\
121. Gisbert\'a0J.P,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Gomollon\'a0F,\'a0Sainz\'a0R.\'a0[Treatment for the eradication of Helicobacter pylori. Recommendations of the Spanish consensus conference].\'a0Medicina Clinica.\'a02000;114(5):185\'96195.\
122. Gene\'a0E,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Azagra\'a0R,\'a0Gisbert\'a0J.P.\'a0Triple vs. quadruple therapy for treating Helicobacter pylori infection: a meta-analysis.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02003;17(9):1137\'961143.\
123. Cammarota\'a0G,\'a0Martino\'a0A,\'a0Pirozzi\'a0G,\'a0et al.\'a0High efficacy of 1-week doxycycline- and amoxicillin-based quadruple regimen in a culture-guided, third-line treatment approach for Helicobacter pylori infection.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02004;19(7):789\'96795.\
124. Sack\'a0D.A,\'a0Kaminsky\'a0D.C,\'a0Sack\'a0R.B,\'a0et al.\'a0Prophylactic doxycycline for travelers\'92 diarrhea. Results of a prospective double-blind study of Peace Corps volunteers in Kenya.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01978;298(14):758\'96763.\
125. Doernberg\'a0S.B,\'a0Winston\'a0L.G,\'a0Deck\'a0D.H,\'a0Chambers\'a0H.F.\'a0Does doxycycline protect against development of Clostridium difficile infection?\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02012;55(5):615\'96620.\
126. Baxter\'a0R,\'a0Ray\'a0G.T,\'a0Fireman\'a0B.H.\'a0Case-control study of antibiotic use and subsequent Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea in hospitalized patients.\'a0Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol.\'a02008;29(1):44\'9650.\
127. Tariq\'a0R,\'a0Cho\'a0J,\'a0Kapoor\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0Low risk of primary Clostridium difficile infection with tetracyclines: a systematic review and Metaanalysis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02018;66(4):514\'96522.\
128. Workowski\'a0K.A,\'a0Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Chan\'a0P.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021.\'a0MMWR Recommendations and Reports.\'a02021;70(4):1\'96187.\
129. Lau\'a0C.Y,\'a0Qureshi\'a0A.K.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for genital chlamydial infections: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a02002;29(9):497\'96502.\
130. Geisler\'a0W.M,\'a0Uniyal\'a0A,\'a0Lee\'a0J.Y,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for urogenital Chlamydia trachomatis infection.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02015;373(26):2512\'962521.\
131. Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Stephens\'a0J,\'a0Richey\'a0C.M,\'a0Hook\'a0E.W.\'a03rd. Measured versus self-reported compliance with doxycycline therapy for chlamydia-associated syndromes: high therapeutic success rates despite poor compliance.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a01999;26(5):272\'96278.\
132. Lau\'a0A,\'a0Kong\'a0F.Y.S,\'a0Fairley\'a0C.K,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin or doxycycline for asymptomatic rectal Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02021;384(25):2418\'962427.\
133. Dombrowski\'a0J.C,\'a0Wierzbicki\'a0M.R,\'a0Newman\'a0L.M,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of Rectal Chlamydia in men who have sex with men: a randomized controlled trial.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02021;73(5):824\'96831.\
134. Peuchant\'a0O,\'a0Lhomme\'a0E,\'a0Martinet\'a0P,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of anorectal Chlamydia trachomatis infection in women concurrent with vaginal infection (CHLAZIDOXY study): a multicentre, open-label, randomised, controlled, superiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02022;22(8):1221\'961230.\
135. Taylor-Robinson\'a0D,\'a0Furr\'a0P.M.\'a0Clinical antibiotic resistance of Ureaplasma urealyticum.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01986;5(6 Suppl):S335\'96S337.\
136. Wikstrom\'a0A,\'a0Jensen\'a0J.S.\'a0Mycoplasma genitalium: a common cause of persistent urethritis among men treated with doxycycline.\'a0Sex Transm. Infect.\'a02006;82(4):276\'96279.\
137. Bjornelius\'a0E,\'a0Anagrius\'a0C,\'a0Bojs\'a0G,\'a0et al.\'a0Antibiotic treatment of symptomatic Mycoplasma genitalium infection in Scandinavia: a controlled clinical trial.\'a0Sex Transm Infect.\'a02008;84(1):72\'9676.\
138. Orellana\'a0M.A,\'a0Gomez-Lus\'a0M.L.\'a0Which is the best empirical treatment in patients with urethritis?\'a0Rev Esp Quim.\'a02011;24(3):136\'96142.\
139. Newman\'a0L.M,\'a0Moran\'a0J.S,\'a0Workowski\'a0K.A.\'a0Update on the management of gonorrhea in adults in the United States.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02007;44(Suppl 3):S84\'96S101.\
140. Bolan\'a0R.K,\'a0Beymer\'a0M.R,\'a0Weiss\'a0R.E,\'a0Flynn\'a0R.P,\'a0Leibowitz\'a0A.A,\'a0Klausner\'a0J.D.\'a0Doxycycline prophylaxis to reduce incident syphilis among HIV-infected men who have sex with men who continue to engage in high-risk sex: a randomized, controlled pilot study.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a02015;42(2):98\'96103.\
141. Molina\'a0J.M,\'a0Charreau\'a0I,\'a0Chidiac\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0Post-exposure prophylaxis with doxycycline to prevent sexually transmitted infections in men who have sex with men: an open-label randomised substudy of the ANRS IPERGAY trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02018;18(3):308\'96317.\
142. Luetkemeyer\'a0A.F,\'a0Donnell\'a0D,\'a0Dombrowski\'a0J.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Postexposure doxycycline to prevent bacterial sexually transmitted infections.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02023;388(14):1296\'961306.\
143. Greaves\'a0A.B,\'a0Hilleman\'a0M.R,\'a0Taggart\'a0S.R,\'a0Bankhead\'a0A.B,\'a0Feld\'a0M.\'a0Chemotherapy in bubonic lymphogranuloma venereum: a clinical and serological evaluation.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01957;16(2):277\'96289.\
144. Ness\'a0R.B,\'a0Soper\'a0D.E,\'a0Holley\'a0R.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Effectiveness of inpatient and outpatient treatment strategies for women with pelvic inflammatory disease: results from the Pelvic Inflammatory Disease Evaluation and Clinical Health (PEACH) Randomized Trial.\'a0Am J Obstet Gynecol.\'a02002;186(5):929\'96937.\
145. Lantos\'a0P.M,\'a0Rumbaugh\'a0J,\'a0Bockenstedt\'a0L.K,\'a0et al.\'a0Clinical practice guidelines by the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA), American Academy of Neurology (AAN), and American College of Rheumatology (ACR): 2020 guidelines for the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of Lyme disease.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02021;72(1):1\'968.\'a0Page 351.e3.\
146. Stupica\'a0D,\'a0Collinet-Adler\'a0S,\'a0Blagus\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of erythema migrans with doxycycline for 7 days versus 14 days in Slovenia: a randomised open-label non-inferiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02022.\
147. Steere\'a0A.C,\'a0Levin\'a0R.E,\'a0Molloy\'a0P.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of Lyme arthritis.\'a0Arthritis Rheumatol.\'a01994;37(6):878\'96888.\
148. Karlsson\'a0M,\'a0Hammers-Berggren\'a0S,\'a0Lindquist\'a0L,\'a0Stiernstedt\'a0G,\'a0Svenungsson\'a0B.\'a0Comparison of intravenous penicillin G and oral doxycycline for treatment of Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Neurology.\'a01994;44(7):1203\'961207.\
149. Lj\'f8stad\'a0U,\'a0Skogvoll\'a0E,\'a0Eikeland\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Oral doxycycline versus intravenous ceftriaxone for European Lyme neuroborreliosis: a multicentre, non-inferiority, double-blind, randomised trial.\'a0Lancet Neurol.\'a02008;7(8):690\'96695.\
150. Bremell\'a0D,\'a0Dotevall\'a0L.\'a0Oral doxycycline for Lyme neuroborreliosis with symptoms of encephalitis, myelitis, vasculitis or intracranial hypertension.\'a0Eur Neurol.\'a02014;21(9):1162\'961167.\
151. Berende\'a0A,\'a0ter Hofstede\'a0H.J,\'a0Vos\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Randomized trial of longer-term therapy for symptoms attributed to Lyme disease.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02016;374(13):1209\'961220.\
152. Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Nowakowski\'a0J,\'a0Fish\'a0D,\'a0et al.\'a0Prophylaxis with single-dose doxycycline for the prevention of Lyme disease after an Ixodes scapularis tick bite.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02001;345(2):79\'9684.\
153. Perine\'a0P.L,\'a0Teklu\'a0B.\'a0Antibiotic treatment of louse-borne relapsing fever in Ethiopia: a report of 377 cases.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a01983;32(5):1096\'961100.\
154. Zenker\'a0P.N,\'a0Rolfs\'a0R.T.\'a0Treatment of syphilis, 1989.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01990;12(Suppl 6):S590\'96S609.\
155. Ghanem\'a0K.G,\'a0Erbelding\'a0E.J,\'a0Cheng\'a0W.W,\'a0Rompalo\'a0A.M.\'a0Doxycycline compared with benzathine penicillin for the treatment of early syphilis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02006;42(6):e45\'96e49.\
156. Psomas\'a0K.C,\'a0Brun\'a0M,\'a0Causse\'a0A,\'a0Atoui\'a0N,\'a0Reynes\'a0J,\'a0Le Moing\'a0V.\'a0Efficacy of ceftriaxone and doxycycline in the treatment of early syphilis.\'a0Med Mal Infect.\'a02012;42(1):15\'9619.\
157. Kang-Birken\'a0S.L,\'a0Castel\'a0U,\'a0Prichard\'a0J.G.\'a0Oral doxycycline for treatment of neurosyphilis in two patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02010;30(4):119e\'96122e.\
158. Girometti\'a0N,\'a0Junejo\'a0M.H,\'a0Nugent\'a0D,\'a0McOwan\'a0A,\'a0Whitlock\'a0G.\'a0Clinical and serological outcomes in patients treated with oral doxycycline for early neurosyphilis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02021;76(7):1916\'961919.\
159. De\'a0M.A,\'a0Solaro\'a0C,\'a0Abbruzzese\'a0M,\'a0Primavera\'a0A.\'a0Minocycline for symptomatic neurosyphilis in patients allergic to penicillin.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01997;337(18):1322\'961323.\
160. Farnsworth\'a0N,\'a0Rosen\'a0T.\'a0Endemic treponematosis: review and update.\'a0Clinics in Dermatology.\'a02006;24(3):181\'96190.\
161. Suputtamongkol\'a0Y,\'a0Niwattayakul\'a0K,\'a0Suttinont\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0An open, randomized, controlled trial of penicillin, doxycycline, and cefotaxime for patients with severe leptospirosis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02004;39(10):1417\'961424.\
162. Brett-Major\'a0D.M,\'a0Lipnick\'a0R.J.\'a0Antibiotic prophylaxis for leptospirosis.\'a0Cochrane Database Syst Rev.\'a02009(3):Cd007342.\
163. Griffith\'a0K.S,\'a0Lewis\'a0L.S,\'a0Mali\'a0S,\'a0Parise\'a0M.E.\'a0Treatment of malaria in the United States: a systematic review.\'a0JAMA.\'a02007;297(20):2264\'962277.\
164. Pukrittayakamee\'a0S,\'a0Clemens\'a0R,\'a0Chantra\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Therapeutic responses to antibacterial drugs in vivax malaria.\'a0Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg.\'a02001;95(5):524\'96528.\
165. Ohrt\'a0C,\'a0Richie\'a0T.L,\'a0Widjaja\'a0H,\'a0et al.\'a0Mefloquine compared with doxycycline for the prophylaxis of malaria in Indonesian soldiers. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01997;126(12):963\'96972.\
166. Sonmez\'a0A,\'a0Harlak\'a0A,\'a0Kilic\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0The efficacy and tolerability of doxycycline and mefloquine in malaria prophylaxis of the ISAF troops in Afghanistan.\'a0J Infect Res.\'a02005;51(3):253\'96258.\
167. Rieckmann\'a0K.H,\'a0Yeo\'a0A.E,\'a0Davis\'a0D.R,\'a0Hutton\'a0D.C,\'a0Wheatley\'a0P.F,\'a0Simpson\'a0R.\'a0Recent military experience with malaria chemoprophylaxis.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01993;158(7):446\'96449.\
168. Pang\'a0L.W,\'a0Limsomwong\'a0N,\'a0Boudreau\'a0E.F,\'a0Singharaj\'a0P.\'a0Doxycycline prophylaxis for falciparum malaria.\'a0Lancet.\'a01987;1(8543):1161\'961164.\
169. Pang\'a0L,\'a0Limsomwong\'a0N,\'a0Singharaj\'a0P.\'a0Prophylactic treatment of vivax and falciparum malaria with low-dose doxycycline.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01988;158(5):1124\'961127.\
170. Shmuklarsky\'a0M.J,\'a0Boudreau\'a0E.F,\'a0Pang\'a0L.W,\'a0et al.\'a0Failure of doxycycline as a causal prophylactic agent against Plasmodium falciparum malaria in healthy nonimmune volunteers.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01994;120(4):294\'96299.\
171. Tan\'a0K.R,\'a0Magill\'a0A.J,\'a0Parise\'a0M.E,\'a0Arguin\'a0P.M.\'a0Doxycycline for malaria chemoprophylaxis and treatment: report from the CDC expert meeting on malaria chemoprophylaxis.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02011;84(4):517\'96531.\
172. Fan\'a0M.Y,\'a0Walker\'a0D.H,\'a0Yu\'a0S.R,\'a0Liu\'a0Q.H.\'a0Epidemiology and ecology of rickettsial diseases in the People\'92s Republic of China.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(4):823\'96840.\
173. Gudiol\'a0F,\'a0Pallares\'a0R,\'a0Carratala\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Randomized double-blind evaluation of ciprofloxacin and doxycycline for Mediterranean spotted fever.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(6):987\'96988.\
174. Perine\'a0P.L,\'a0Chandler\'a0B.P,\'a0Krause\'a0D.K,\'a0et al.\'a0A clinico-epidemiological study of epidemic typhus in Africa.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01992;14(5):1149\'961158.\
175. Minniear\'a0T.D,\'a0Buckingham\'a0S.C.\'a0Managing rocky mountain spotted fever.\'a0Expert Rev Anti-infect Ther.\'a02009;7(9):1131\'961137.\
176. Ariza\'a0J,\'a0Bosilkovski\'a0M,\'a0Cascio\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Perspectives for the treatment of brucellosis in the 21st century: the Ioannina recommendations.\'a0PLoS Medicine.\'a02007;4(12):e317.\
177. Solera\'a0J,\'a0Martinez-Alfaro\'a0E,\'a0Saez\'a0L.\'a0Meta-analysis of the efficacy of the combination of +rifampicin and doxycycline in the treatment of human brucellosis.\'a0Med Clin.\'a01994;102(19):731\'96738.\
178. Hasanjani Roushan\'a0M.R,\'a0Mohraz\'a0M,\'a0Hajiahmadi\'a0M,\'a0Ramzani\'a0A,\'a0Valayati\'a0A.A.\'a0Efficacy of gentamicin plus doxycycline versus streptomycin plus doxycycline in the treatment of brucellosis in humans.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02006;42(8):1075\'961080.\
179. Hasanain\'a0A,\'a0Mahdy\'a0R,\'a0Mohamed\'a0A,\'a0Ali\'a0M.\'a0A randomized, comparative study of dual therapy (doxycycline-rifampin) versus triple therapy (doxycycline-rifampin-levofloxacin) for treating acute/subacute brucellosis.\'a0Braz J Infect Dis.\'a02016;20(3):250\'96254.\
180. Pappas\'a0G,\'a0Seitaridis\'a0S,\'a0Akritidis\'a0N,\'a0Tsianos\'a0E.\'a0Treatment of brucella spondylitis: lessons from an impossible meta-analysis and initial report of efficacy of a fluoroquinolone-containing regimen.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;24(5):502\'96507.\
181. Powell\'a0O.W,\'a0Kennedy\'a0K.P,\'a0Mc\'a0I.M,\'a0Silverstone\'a0H.\'a0Tetracycline in the treatment of \'93Q\'94 fever.\'a0Australas Ann Med.\'a01962;11:184\'96188.\
182. Spelman\'a0D.W.\'a0Q fever: a study of 111 consecutive cases.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01982;1(13):547\'96548\'a0551, 553.\
183. Maurin\'a0M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Q fever.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a01999;12(4):518\'96553.\
184. Ferrante\'a0M.A,\'a0Dolan\'a0M.J.\'a0Q fever meningoencephalitis in a soldier returning from the Persian Gulf War.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01993;16(4):489\'96496.\
185. Fenollar\'a0F,\'a0Fournier\'a0P.E,\'a0Carrieri\'a0M.P,\'a0Habib\'a0G,\'a0Messana\'a0T,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Risks factors and prevention of Q fever endocarditis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;33(3):312\'96316.\
186. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Houpikian\'a0P,\'a0Tissot Dupont\'a0H,\'a0Riss\'a0J.M,\'a0Arditi-Djiane\'a0J,\'a0Brouqui\'a0P.\'a0Treatment of Q fever endocarditis: comparison of 2 regimens containing doxycycline and ofloxacin or hydroxychloroquine.\'a0Arch Intern Med.\'a01999;159(2):167\'96173.\
187. Chaowagul\'a0W,\'a0Chierakul\'a0W,\'a0Simpson\'a0A.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Open-label randomized trial of oral trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, doxycycline, and chloramphenicol compared with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole and doxycycline for maintenance therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(10):4020\'964025.\
188. Chaowagul\'a0W,\'a0Simpson\'a0A.J,\'a0Suputtamongkol\'a0Y,\'a0Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Angus\'a0B.J,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0A comparison of chloramphenicol, trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, and doxycycline with doxycycline alone as maintenance therapy for melioidosis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01999;29(2):375\'96380.\
189. Fredeking\'a0T.M,\'a0Zavala-Castro\'a0J.E,\'a0Gonzalez-Martinez\'a0P,\'a0et al.\'a0Dengue patients treated with doxycycline showed lower mortality associated to a reduction in IL-6 and TNF levels.\'a0Recent Patents on Anti-infective Drug Discovery.\'a02015;10(1):51\'9658.\
190. Haik\'a0S,\'a0Marcon\'a0G,\'a0Mallet\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline in Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease: a phase 2, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0The Lancet Neurology.\'a02014;13(2):150\'96158.\
191. Varges\'a0D,\'a0Manthey\'a0H,\'a0Heinemann\'a0U,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline in early CJD: a double-blinded randomised phase II and observational study.\'a0J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry Res.\'a02017;88(2):119\'96125.\
192. Ritchie\'a0D.J,\'a0Garavaglia-Wilson\'a0A.\'a0A review of intravenous minocycline for treatment of multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter infections.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02014;59(Suppl 6):S374\'96S380.\
193. Pogue\'a0J.M,\'a0Neelakanta\'a0A,\'a0Mynatt\'a0R.P,\'a0Sharma\'a0S,\'a0Lephart\'a0P,\'a0Kaye\'a0K.S.\'a0Carbapenem-resistance in gram-negative bacilli and intravenous minocycline: an antimicrobial stewardship approach at the Detroit Medical Center.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02014;59(Suppl 6):S388\'96S393.\
194. Hand\'a0E,\'a0Davis\'a0H,\'a0Kim\'a0T,\'a0Duhon\'a0B.\'a0Monotherapy with minocycline or trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole for treatment of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia infections.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02016;71(4):1071\'961075.\
195. Tan\'a0H.H.\'a0Antibacterial therapy for acne: a guide to selection and use of systemic agents.\'a0Am J Clin Dermatol.\'a02003;4(5):307\'96314.\
196. Stewart\'a0D.M,\'a0Torok\'a0H.M,\'a0Weiss\'a0J.S,\'a0Plott\'a0R.T.\'a0Dose-ranging efficacy of new once-daily extended-release minocycline for acne vulgaris.\'a0Cutis.\'a02006;78(4 Suppl):11\'9620.\
197. O\'92Dell\'a0J.R,\'a0Elliott\'a0J.R,\'a0Mallek\'a0J.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of early seropositive rheumatoid arthritis: doxycycline plus methotrexate versus methotrexate alone.\'a0Arthritis and Rheumatism.\'a02006;54(2):621\'96627.\
198. Tilley\'a0B.C,\'a0Alarcon\'a0G.S,\'a0Heyse\'a0S.P,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline in rheumatoid arthritis. A 48-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. MIRA Trial Group.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01995;122(2):81\'9689.\
199. O\'92Dell\'a0J.R,\'a0Paulsen\'a0G,\'a0Haire\'a0C.E,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of early seropositive rheumatoid arthritis with minocycline: four-year followup of a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0Arthritis and Rheumatol.\'a01999;42(8):1691\'961695.\
200. Matsuyama\'a0A,\'a0Sakai\'a0N,\'a0Ishigami\'a0M,\'a0Hiraoka\'a0H,\'a0Yamashita\'a0S.\'a0Minocycline for the treatment of Takayasu arteritis.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a02005;143(5):394\'96395.\
201. Sorensen\'a0P.S,\'a0Sellebjerg\'a0F,\'a0Lycke\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline added to subcutaneous interferon \uc0\u946 -1a in multiple sclerosis: randomized RECYCLINE study.\'a0Eur Neurol.\'a02016;23(5):861\'96870.\
202. Metz\'a0L.M,\'a0Li\'a0D.K.B,\'a0Traboulsee\'a0A.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Trial of minocycline in a clinically isolated syndrome of multiple sclerosis.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02017;376(22):2122\'962133.\
203. Brouillard\'a0J.E,\'a0Terriff\'a0C.M,\'a0Tofan\'a0A,\'a0Garrison\'a0M.W.\'a0Antibiotic selection and resistance issues with fluoroquinolones and doxycycline against bioterrorism agents.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02006;26(1):3\'9614.\
204. Roberts\'a0M.C.\'a0Tetracycline resistance determinants: mechanisms of action, regulation of expression, genetic mobility, and distribution.\'a0FEMS Microbiol Rev.\'a01996;19(1):1\'9624.\
205. Roberts\'a0M.C.\'a0Tetracycline therapy: update.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02003;36(4):462\'96467.\
206. Chopra\'a0I.\'a0New developments in tetracycline antibiotics: glycylcyclines and tetracycline efflux pump inhibitors.\'a0Drug Resistance Updates.\'a02002;5(3\'964):119\'96125.\
207. Paulsen\'a0I.T,\'a0Brown\'a0M.H,\'a0Skurray\'a0R.A.\'a0Proton-dependent multidrug efflux systems.\'a0Microbiol Rev.\'a01996;60(4):575\'96608.\
208. Connell\'a0S.R,\'a0Tracz\'a0D.M,\'a0Nierhaus\'a0K.H,\'a0Taylor\'a0D.E.\'a0Ribosomal protection proteins and their mechanism of tetracycline resistance.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(12):3675\'963681.\
209. Rasmussen\'a0B.A,\'a0Gluzman\'a0Y,\'a0Tally\'a0F.P.\'a0Inhibition of protein synthesis occurring on tetracycline-resistant, TetM-protected ribosomes by a novel class of tetracyclines, the glycylcyclines.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(7):1658\'961660.\
210. Melville\'a0C.M,\'a0Scott\'a0K.P,\'a0Mercer\'a0D.K,\'a0Flint\'a0H.J.\'a0Novel tetracycline resistance gene, tet(32), in the Clostridium-related human colonic anaerobe K10 and its transmission in\'a0vitro to the rumen anaerobe Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02001;45(11):3246\'963249.\
211. Speer\'a0B.S,\'a0Salyers\'a0A.A.\'a0Novel aerobic tetracycline resistance gene that chemically modifies tetracycline.\'a0J Bacter.\'a01989;171(1):148\'96153.\
212. Yang\'a0W,\'a0Moore\'a0I.F,\'a0Koteva\'a0K.P,\'a0Bareich\'a0D.C,\'a0Hughes\'a0D.W,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0TetX is a flavin-dependent monooxygenase conferring resistance to tetracycline antibiotics.\'a0J Biol Chem.\'a02004;279(50):52346\'9652352.\
213. Moore\'a0I.F,\'a0Hughes\'a0D.W,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0Tigecycline is modified by the flavin-dependent monooxygenase TetX.\'a0Biochemistry.\'a02005;44(35):11829\'9611835.\
214. Cohen\'a0S.P,\'a0McMurry\'a0L.M,\'a0Levy\'a0S.B.\'a0marA locus causes decreased expression of OmpF porin in multiple-antibiotic-resistant (Mar) mutants of Escherichia coli.\'a0J Bacteriol.\'a01988;170(12):5416\'965422.\
215. Gerrits\'a0M.M,\'a0de Zoete\'a0M.R,\'a0Arents\'a0N.L,\'a0Kuipers\'a0E.J,\'a0Kusters\'a0J.G.\'a016S rRNA mutation-mediated tetracycline resistance in Helicobacter pylori.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02002;46(9):2996\'963000.\
216. Trieber\'a0C.A,\'a0Taylor\'a0D.E.\'a0Mutations in the 16S rRNA genes of Helicobacter pylori mediate resistance to tetracycline.\'a0J Bacteriol.\'a02002;184(8):2131\'962140.\
217. Smith\'a0K,\'a0Leyden\'a0J.J.\'a0Safety of doxycycline and minocycline: a systematic review.\'a0Clin Therap.\'a02005;27(9):1329\'961342.\
218. Lebrun-Vignes\'a0B,\'a0Kreft-Jais\'a0C,\'a0Castot\'a0A,\'a0Chosidow\'a0O.\'a0Comparative analysis of adverse drug reactions to tetracyclines: results of a French national survey and review of the literature.\'a0Br J Dermatol.\'a02012;166(6):1333\'961341.\
219. Hey\'a0H,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0F,\'a0Sorensen\'a0K,\'a0Hasselbalch\'a0H,\'a0Wamberg\'a0T.\'a0Oesophageal transit of six commonly used tablets and capsules.\'a0Br Med J (Clinical Research Ed).\'a01982;285(6356):1717\'961719.\'a0Page 351.e4.\
220. Winckler\'a0K.\'a0Tetracycline ulcers of the oesophagus, Endoscopy, histology and roentgenology in two cases, and review of the literature.\'a0Endoscopy.\'a01981;13(6):225\'96228.\
221. Fanning\'a0W.L,\'a0Gump\'a0D.W,\'a0Sofferman\'a0R.A.\'a0Side effects of minocycline: a double-blind study.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(4):712\'96717.\
222. Shea\'a0C.R,\'a0Olack\'a0G.A,\'a0Morrison\'a0H,\'a0Chen\'a0N,\'a0Hasan\'a0T.\'a0Phototoxicity of lumidoxycycline.\'a0J Invest Dermatol.\'a01993;101(3):329\'96333.\
223. Bethell\'a0H.J.\'a0Photo-onycholysis caused by demethylchlortetracycline.\'a0Br Med J.\'a01977;2(6079):96.\
224. Fenske\'a0N.A,\'a0Millns\'a0J.L,\'a0Greer\'a0K.E.\'a0Minocycline-induced pigmentation at sites of cutaneous inflammation.\'a0JAMA.\'a01980;244(10):1103\'961106.\
225. Simons\'a0J.J,\'a0Morales\'a0A.\'a0Minocycline and generalized cutaneous pigmentation.\'a0J Am Acad Dermatol.\'a01980;3(3):244\'96247.\
226. Cale\'a0A.E,\'a0Freedman\'a0P.D,\'a0Lumerman\'a0H.\'a0Pigmentation of the jawbones and teeth secondary to minocycline hydrochloride therapy.\'a0Journal of Periodontology.\'a01988;59(2):112\'96114.\
227. Odell\'a0E.W,\'a0Hodgson\'a0R.P,\'a0Haskell\'a0R.\'a0Oral presentation of minocycline-induced black bone disease.\'a0Oral Surgery, Oral Medicine, Oral Pathology, Oral Radiology, and Endodontics.\'a01995;79(4):459\'96461.\
228. Siller\'a0G.M,\'a0Tod\'a0M.A,\'a0Savage\'a0N.W.\'a0Minocycline-induced oral pigmentation.\'a0J Am Acad Dermatol.\'a01994;30(2 Pt 2):350\'96354.\
229. Attwood\'a0H.D.\'a0A black thyroid and minocycline therapy.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01983;1(12):549.\
230. Landas\'a0S.K,\'a0Schelper\'a0R.L,\'a0Tio\'a0F.O,\'a0Turner\'a0J.W,\'a0Moore\'a0K.C,\'a0Bennett-Gray\'a0J.\'a0Black thyroid syndrome: exaggeration of a normal process?\'a0Am J Clin Pathol.\'a01986;85(4):411\'96418.\
231. Demers\'a0P,\'a0Fraser\'a0D,\'a0Goldbloom\'a0R.B,\'a0et al.\'a0Effects of tetracyclines on skeletal growth and dentition. A report by the Nutrition Committee of the Canadian Paediatric Society.\'a0Can Med Assoc.\'a01968;99(17):849\'96854.\
232. Moffitt\'a0J.M,\'a0Cooley\'a0R.O,\'a0Olsen\'a0N.H,\'a0Hefferren\'a0J.J.\'a0Prediction of tetracycline-induced tooth discoloration.\'a0J Am Dent Assoc (1939).\'a01974;88(3):547\'96552.\
233. Witkop\'a0Jr.\'a0C.J,\'a0Wolf\'a0R.O.\'a0Hypoplasia and intrinsic staining of enamel following tetracycline therapy.\'a0JAMA.\'a01963;185:1008\'961011.\
234. McIntosh\'a0H.A,\'a0Storey\'a0E.\'a0Tetracycline-induced tooth changes.4. Discoloration and hypoplasia induced by tetracycline analogues.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01970;1(3):114\'96119.\
235. Grossman\'a0E.R,\'a0Walchek\'a0A,\'a0Freedman\'a0H.\'a0Tetracyclines and permanent teeth: the relation between dose and tooth color.\'a0Pediatrics.\'a01971;47(3):567\'96570.\
236. Todd\'a0S.R,\'a0Dahlgren\'a0F.S,\'a0Traeger\'a0M.S,\'a0et al.\'a0No visible dental staining in children treated with doxycycline for suspected Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a02015;166(5):1246\'961251.\
237. Volovitz\'a0B,\'a0Shkap\'a0R,\'a0Amir\'a0J,\'a0Calderon\'a0S,\'a0Varsano\'a0I,\'a0Nussinovitch\'a0M.\'a0Absence of tooth staining with doxycycline treatment in young children.\'a0Clin Pediatr.\'a02007;46(2):121\'96126.\
238. Toaff\'a0R,\'a0Ravid\'a0R.\'a0Tetracyclines and the teeth.\'a0Lancet.\'a01966;2(7457):281\'96282.\
239. Cohlan\'a0S.Q.\'a0Teratogenic agents and congenital malformations.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a01963;63:650\'96659.\
240. Schultz\'a0J.C,\'a0Adamson\'a0JS.\'a0J.r,\'a0Workman\'a0W.W,\'a0Norman\'a0T.D.\'a0Fatal liver disease after intravenous administration of tetracycline in high dosage.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01963;269:999\'961004.\
241. Carson\'a0J.L,\'a0Strom\'a0B.L,\'a0Duff\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Acute liver disease associated with erythromycins, sulfonamides, and tetracyclines.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01993;119(7 Pt 1):576\'96583.\
242. Vial\'a0T,\'a0Biour\'a0M,\'a0Descotes\'a0J,\'a0Trepo\'a0C.\'a0Antibiotic-associated hepatitis: update from 1990.\'a0Ann Pharmacother.\'a01997;31(2):204\'96220.\
243. Shils\'a0M.E.\'a0Renal disease and the metabolic effects of tetracycline.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01963;58:389\'96408.\
244. Montoliu\'a0J,\'a0Carrera\'a0M,\'a0Darnell\'a0A,\'a0Revert\'a0L.\'a0Lactic acidosis and Fanconi\'92s syndrome due to degraded tetracycline.\'a0Br. Med. J (Clinical Research Ed).\'a01981;283(6306):1576\'961577.\
245. Lander\'a0C.M.\'a0Minocycline-induced benign intracranial hypertension.\'a0Exp Neurol.\'a01989;26:161\'96167.\
246. Koch-Weser\'a0J,\'a0Gilmore\'a0E.B.\'a0Benign intracranial hypertension in an adult after tetracycline therapy.\'a0JAMA.\'a01967;200(4):345\'96347.\
247. Chiu\'a0A.M,\'a0Chuenkongkaew\'a0W.L,\'a0Cornblath\'a0W.T,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline treatment and pseudotumor cerebri syndrome.\'a0Am J Ophthalmol.\'a01998;126(1):116\'96121.\
248. Kesler\'a0A,\'a0Goldhammer\'a0Y,\'a0Hadayer\'a0A,\'a0Pianka\'a0P.\'a0The outcome of pseudotumor cerebri induced by tetracycline therapy.\'a0Acta Neurologica Scandinavica.\'a02004;110(6):408\'96411.\
249. Lochhead\'a0J,\'a0Elston\'a0J.S.\'a0Doxycycline induced intracranial hypertension.\'a0BMJ (Clinical Research Ed).\'a02003;326(7390):641\'96642.\
250. Knowles\'a0S.R,\'a0Shapiro\'a0L,\'a0Shear\'a0N.H.\'a0Serious adverse reactions induced by minocycline. Report of 13 patients and review of the literature.\'a0Arch Dermatol.\'a01996;132(8):934\'96939.\
251. Fellner\'a0M.J,\'a0Baer\'a0R.L.\'a0Anaphylactic reaction to tetracycline in a penicillin-allergic patient: immunologic studies.\'a0JAMA.\'a01965;192:997\'96998.\
252. Cac\'a0N.N,\'a0Messingham\'a0M.J,\'a0Sniezek\'a0P.J,\'a0Walling\'a0H.W.\'a0Stevens-Johnson syndrome induced by doxycycline.\'a0Cutis.\'a02007;79(2):119\'96122.\
Page 351.e1\
References\
1. Duggar\'a0B.M.\'a0Aureomycin: a product of the continuing search for new antibiotics.\'a0Ann NY Acad Sci.\'a01948;51(2):177\'96181.\
2. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Tetracycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:843\'96850.\
3. Sabundayo\'a0B.P,\'a0Standiford\'a0H.C.\'a0Tetracyclines and analogues.\'a0In:\'a0Yu\'a0V.L,\'a0Edwards\'a0G,\'a0McKinnon\'a0P.S,\'a0Peolquin\'a0C,\'a0Morse\'a0G.D,\'a0eds.\'a0Antimicrobial Therapy and Vaccines, 2nd Edition. Vol II: Antimicrobial Agents.\'a02nd ed.\'a0Pittsburgh, PA:\'a0ESun Technologies LLC;\'a02005:461\'96476.\
4. Levy\'a0S.B,\'a0FitzGerald\'a0G.B,\'a0Macone\'a0A.B.\'a0Changes in intestinal flora of farm personnel after introduction of a tetracycline-supplemented feed on a farm.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01976;295(11):583\'96588.\
5. DuPont\'a0H,\'a0Steele\'a0J.H.\'a0Use of antimicrobial agents in animal feeds: implications for human health.\'a0Rev of Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(3):447\'96460.\
6. Thaker\'a0M,\'a0Spanogiannopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0The tetracycline resistome.\'a0Cell Mol Life Sci.\'a02010;67(3):419\'96431.\
7. Perks\'a0W.H,\'a0Walters\'a0E.H,\'a0Tams\'a0I.P,\'a0Prowse\'a0K.\'a0Demeclocycline in the treatment of the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone.\'a0Thorax.\'a01979;34(3):324\'96327.\
8. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Roberts\'a0M.\'a0Tetracycline antibiotics: mode of action, applications, molecular biology, and epidemiology of bacterial resistance.\'a0MMBR.\'a02001;65(2):232\'96260.\
9. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hacker\'a0K.\'a0Inhibition of K88-mediated adhesion of Escherichia coli to mammalian receptors by antibiotics that affect bacterial protein synthesis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01986;18(4):441\'96451.\
10. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Doxycycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:851\'96869.\
11. Dahl\'a0E.L,\'a0Shock\'a0J.L,\'a0Shenai\'a0B.R,\'a0Gut\'a0J,\'a0DeRisi\'a0J.L,\'a0Rosenthal\'a0P.J.\'a0Tetracyclines specifically target the apicoplast of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(9):3124\'963131.\
12. Ribush\'a0N,\'a0Morgan\'a0T.\'a0Tetracyclines and renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01972;1(2):53\'9655.\
13. Kunin\'a0C.M.\'a0A guide to use of antibiotics in patients with renal disease. A table of recommended doses and factors governing serum levels.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01967;67(1):151\'96158.\
14. Heaney\'a0D,\'a0Eknoyan\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline and doxycycline kinetics in chronic renal failure.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01978;24(2):233\'96239.\
15. Whelton\'a0A,\'a0Schach von Wittenau\'a0M,\'a0Twomey\'a0T.M,\'a0Walker\'a0W.G,\'a0Bianchine\'a0J.R.\'a0Doxycycline pharmacokinetics in the absence of renal function.\'a0Kidney Int.\'a01974;5(5):365\'96371.\
16. Thiim\'a0M,\'a0Friedman\'a0L.S.\'a0Hepatotoxicity of antibiotics and antifungals.\'a0Clinics in Liver Disease.\'a02003;7(2):381\'96399\'a0vi-vii.\
17. Horrevorts\'a0A,\'a0Pluim\'a0M.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:870\'96880.\
18. Carney\'a0S,\'a0Butcher\'a0R.A,\'a0Dawborn\'a0J.K,\'a0Pattison\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline excretion and distribution in relation to renal function in man.\'a0Clin Exp Pharmacol.\'a01974;1(4):299\'96308.\
19. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Shaw\'a0W.R,\'a0Uman\'a0S.J,\'a0Tse\'a0F.L,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of minocycline in renal failure.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;8(5):532\'96537.\
20. Bernard\'a0B,\'a0Yin\'a0E.J,\'a0Simon\'a0H.J.\'a0Clinical pharmacologic studies with minocycline.\'a0The J Clin Pharmacol.\'a01971;11(5):332\'96348.\
21. George\'a0C.R,\'a0Guinness\'a0M.D,\'a0Lark\'a0D.J,\'a0Evans\'a0R.A.\'a0Minocycline toxicity in renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01973;1(13):640\'96641.\
22. Jonas\'a0M,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0Ther Drug Monit.\'a01982;4(2):137\'96145.\
23. Wood\'a0M.J,\'a0Farrell\'a0W,\'a0Kattan\'a0S,\'a0Williams\'a0J.D.\'a0Activity of minocycline and tetracycline against respiratory pathogens related to blood levels.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01975;1(3):323\'96331.\
24. Sklenar\'a0I,\'a0Spring\'a0P,\'a0Dettli\'a0L.\'a0One-dose and multiple-dose kinetics of minocycline in patients with renal disease.\'a0Agents and Actions.\'a01977;7(3):369\'96377.\
25. Smith\'a0C,\'a0Woods\'a0C.G,\'a0Woods\'a0M.J.\'a0Absorption of minocycline.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01984;13(1):93.\
26. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Koch\'a0P.A,\'a0Lau\'a0C.C,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Bioavailability of tetracycline and doxycycline in fasted and nonfasted subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(3):462\'96469.\
27. Neuvonen\'a0P.J.\'a0Interactions with the absorption of tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a01976;11(1):45\'9654.\
28. Agwuh\'a0K.N,\'a0MacGowan\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of the tetracyclines including glycylcyclines.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(2):256\'96265.\
29. Fabre\'a0J,\'a0Milek\'a0E,\'a0Kalfopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Merier\'a0G.\'a0[Kinetics of tetracyclines in human. II. Excretion, penetration into normal and inflammed tissues, behavior in a case of renal insufficiency and in hemodialysis].\'a0Schweiz Med Wochenschr.\'a01971;101(18):625\'96633.\
30. Macdonald\'a0H,\'a0Kelly\'a0R.G,\'a0Allen\'a0E.S,\'a0Noble\'a0J.F,\'a0Kanegis\'a0L.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetic studies on minocycline in man.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01973;14(5):852\'96861.\
31. Lundberg\'a0C,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentration of penicillin V and tetracycline in maxillary sinus secretion after repeated doses.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(2):123\'96133.\
32. Ruhen\'a0R.W,\'a0Tandon\'a0M.K.\'a0Comparative effectiveness of tetracycline, minocycline and doxycycline in treatment of acute-on-chronic bronchitis. A study based on sputum levels.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01976;1(6):151\'96153.\
33. Chow\'a0A.W,\'a0Jewesson\'a0P.J.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and safety of antimicrobial agents during pregnancy.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01985;7(3):287\'96313.\
34. Alestig\'a0K.\'a0Studies on doxycycline during intravenous and oral treatment with reference to renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(3):193\'96198.\
35. Andersson\'a0K.E,\'a0Mardh\'a0P.A,\'a0Akerlund\'a0M.\'a0Passage of doxycycline into extracellular fluid.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):7\'9611.\
36. Eliasson\'a0R,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentrations of doxycycline in human seminal plasma.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):32\'9636.\
37. Lode\'a0H.\'a0Penetration of antibiotics into the pleural fluid.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01979;5(2):122\'96124.\
38. Schreiner\'a0A,\'a0Digranes\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of lymecycline and doxycycline in serum and suction blister fluid.\'a0Chemotherapy.\'a01985;31(4):261\'96265.\
39. Marlin\'a0G.E,\'a0Cheng\'a0S,\'a0Thompson\'a0P.J.\'a0Sputum and plasma doxycycline concentrations after a single oral 600 mg doxycycline dose in patients with chronic bronchitis.\'a0Eur J Respir Dis.\'a01981;62(4):276\'96280.\
40. Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0The detection of doxycycline activity in human bone.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):47\'9653.\
41. Gnarpe\'a0H,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Hagg\'a0O.\'a0Doxycycline concentration levels in bone, soft tissue and serum after intravenous infusion of doxycycline. A clinical study.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):54\'9657.\
42. Bystedt\'a0H,\'a0A\'a0D.A,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E.\'a0Concentrations of azidocillin, erythromycin, doxycycline and clindamycin in human mandibular bone.\'a0Int J Oral Surg.\'a01978;7(5):442\'96449.\
43. Dotevall\'a0L,\'a0Hagberg\'a0L.\'a0Penetration of doxycycline into cerebrospinal fluid in patients treated for suspected Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(7):1078\'961080.\
44. Yim\'a0C.W,\'a0Flynn\'a0N.M,\'a0Fitzgerald\'a0F.T.\'a0Penetration of oral doxycycline into the cerebrospinal fluid of patients with latent or neurosyphilis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01985;28(2):347\'96348.\
45. Nikaido\'a0H,\'a0Thanassi\'a0D.G.\'a0Penetration of lipophilic agents with multiple protonation sites into bacterial cells: tetracyclines and fluoroquinolones as examples.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01993;37(7):1393\'961399.\
46. Bergogne-Berezin\'a0E,\'a0Lambert-Zechovsky\'a0N,\'a0Morel\'a0C.\'a0[Pharmacokinetics of antibiotics in bronchial secretions. 250 cases].\'a0La Nouvelle Presse Medicale.\'a01977;6(38):3548.\
47. Hensle\'a0T.W,\'a0Prout\'a0GR.\'a0J.r,\'a0Griffin\'a0P.\'a0Minocycline diffusion into benign prostatic hyperplasia.\'a0The Journal of Urology.\'a01977;118(4):609\'96611.\
48. Hoeprich\'a0P.D,\'a0Warshauer\'a0D.M.\'a0Entry of four tetracyclines into saliva and tears.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01974;5(3):330\'96336.\
49. Steigbigel\'a0N.H,\'a0Reed\'a0C.W,\'a0Finland\'a0M.\'a0Absorption and excretion of five tetracycline analogues in normal young men.\'a0The American Journal of the Medical Sciences.\'a01968;255:296\'96312.\
50. Mahon\'a0W.A,\'a0Johnson\'a0G.E,\'a0Endrenyl\'a0L,\'a0Kelly\'a0M.F,\'a0Fenton\'a0S.S.\'a0The elimination of tritiated doxycycline in normal subjects and in patients with severely impaired renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):24\'9631.\
51. Saivin\'a0S,\'a0Houin\'a0G.\'a0Clinical pharmacokinetics of doxycycline and minocycline.\'a0Clin Pharmacokinet.\'a01988;15(6):355\'96366.\
52. CLSI, .\'a0Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; Thirty-Second Informational Supplement.\'a0Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute;\'a02022.\
53. Diekema\'a0D.J,\'a0Pfaller\'a0M.A,\'a0Schmitz\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Survey of infections due to Staphylococcus species: frequency of occurrence and antimicrobial susceptibility of isolates collected in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, and the Western Pacific Region for the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997\'961999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):114\'96132.\
54. Holmes\'a0R.L,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0J.H.\'a0Inhibitory activities of 11 antimicrobial agents and bactericidal activities of vancomycin and daptomycin against invasive methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates obtained from 1999 through 2006.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(2):757\'96760.\
55. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Palatnick\'a0L,\'a0Nichol\'a0K.A,\'a0Bellyou\'a0T,\'a0Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance in respiratory tract Streptococcus pneumoniae isolates: results of the Canadian Respiratory Organism Susceptibility Study, 1997 to 2002.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(6):1867\'961874.\
56. Koeth\'a0L.M,\'a0Felmingham\'a0D,\'a0Jacobs\'a0M.R,\'a0Rossi\'a0F.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae in Sao Paulo, Brazil from 1996 to 2000.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):356\'96361.\
57. Jones\'a0R.N,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R.\'a0Doxycycline use for community-acquired pneumonia: contemporary in\'a0vitro spectrum of activity against Streptococcus pneumoniae (1999-2002).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02004;49(2):147\'96149.\
58. Wimmerstedt\'a0A,\'a0Kahlmeter\'a0G.\'a0Associated antimicrobial resistance in Escherichia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus pyogenes.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02008;14(4):315\'96321.\
59. Persson\'a0E,\'a0Berg\'a0S,\'a0Bergseng\'a0H,\'a0Bergh\'a0K,\'a0Valso-Lyng\'a0R,\'a0Trollfors\'a0B.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of invasive group B streptococcal isolates from south-west Sweden 1988-2001.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02008;40(4):308\'96313.\
60. Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Keller\'a0N,\'a0Barth\'a0A,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Clinical prevalence, antimicrobial susceptibility, and geographic resistance patterns of enterococci: results from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997-1999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):S133\'96S145.\
61. Holmberg\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0Antimicrobial in\'a0vitro susceptibility of Actinomyces israelii and Arachnia propionica.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01977;9(1):40\'9645.\
62. Vitas\'a0A.I,\'a0Sanchez\'a0R.M,\'a0Aguado\'a0V,\'a0Garcia-Jalon\'a0I.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of Listeria monocytogenes isolated from food and clinical cases in Navarra, Spain.\'a0J Food Prot.\'a02007;70(10):2402\'962406.\
63. Mohammed\'a0M.J,\'a0Marston\'a0C.K,\'a0Popovic\'a0T,\'a0Weyant\'a0R.S,\'a0Tenover\'a0F.C.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Bacillus anthracis: comparison of results obtained by using the National Committee for Clinical Laboratory Standards broth microdilution reference and Etest agar gradient diffusion methods.\'a0J Clin Microbiol.\'a02002;40(6):1902\'961907.\
64. Frean\'a0J,\'a0Klugman\'a0K.P,\'a0Arntzen\'a0L,\'a0Bukofzer\'a0S.\'a0Susceptibility of Bacillus anthracis to eleven antimicrobial agents including novel fluoroquinolones and a ketolide.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(2):297\'96299.\
65. Hernandez\'a0E,\'a0Girardet\'a0M,\'a0Ramisse\'a0F,\'a0Vidal\'a0D,\'a0Cavallo\'a0J.D.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibilities of 94 isolates of Yersinia pestis to 24 antimicrobial agents.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(6):1029\'961031.\
66. Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Vinh\'a0D.X,\'a0Nguyen\'a0T.T,\'a0Wain\'a0J,\'a0Thung\'a0D,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibilities of strains of Yersinia pestis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(9):2153\'962154.\
67. Schonberg-Norio\'a0D,\'a0Hanninen\'a0M.L,\'a0Katila\'a0M.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Activities of telithromycin, erythromycin, fluoroquinolones, and doxycycline against Campylobacter strains isolated from Finnish subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(3):1086\'961088.\
68. Morris\'a0Jr.\'a0J.G.\'a0Black RE. Cholera and other vibrioses in the United States.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01985;312(6):343\'96350.\
69. Ottaviani\'a0D,\'a0Bacchiocchi\'a0I,\'a0Masini\'a0L,\'a0et al.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of potentially pathogenic halophilic vibrios isolated from seafood.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;18(2):135\'96140.\
70. Midani\'a0S,\'a0Rathore\'a0M.H.\'a0Vibrio species infection of a catfish spine puncture wound.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01994;13(4):333\'96334.\
71. Fernandez-Cuenca\'a0F,\'a0Tomas-Carmona\'a0M,\'a0Caballero-Moyano\'a0F,\'a0et al.\'a0[In vitro activity of 18 antimicrobial agents against clinical isolates of Acinetobacter spp.: multicenter national study GEIH-REIPI-Ab 2010.].\'a0Enferm Infecc Microbiol Clin.\'a02012.\
72. Jenney\'a0A.W,\'a0Lum\'a0G,\'a0Fisher\'a0D.A,\'a0Currie\'a0B.J.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibility of Burkholderia pseudomallei from tropical northern Australia and implications for therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;17(2):109\'96113.\
73. Nicodemo\'a0A.C,\'a0Araujo\'a0M.R,\'a0Ruiz\'a0A.S,\'a0Gales\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia isolates: comparison of disc diffusion, Etest and agar dilution methods.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02004;53(4):604\'96608.\
74. Janda\'a0J.M,\'a0Guthertz\'a0L.S,\'a0Kokka\'a0R.P,\'a0Shimada\'a0T.\'a0Aeromonas species in septicemia: laboratory characteristics and clinical observations.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01994;19(1):77\'9683.\
75. Flamm\'a0R.K,\'a0Castanheira\'a0M,\'a0Streit\'a0J.M,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Minocycline activity tested against Acinetobacter baumannii complex, Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, and Burkholderia cepacia species complex isolates from a global surveillance program (2013).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02016;85(3):352\'96355.\
76. Li\'a0X.Z,\'a0Livermore\'a0D.M,\'a0Nikaido\'a0H.\'a0Role of efflux pump(s) in intrinsic resistance of Pseudomonas aeruginosa: resistance to tetracycline, chloramphenicol, and norfloxacin.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(8):1732\'961741.\'a0Page 351.e2.\
77. Schaumann\'a0R,\'a0Ackermann\'a0G,\'a0Pless\'a0B,\'a0Claros\'a0M.C,\'a0Goldstein\'a0E.J,\'a0Rodloff\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of fourteen antimicrobial agents against obligately anaerobic bacteria.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(3):225\'96232.\
78. Baykam\'a0N,\'a0Esener\'a0H,\'a0Ergonul\'a0O,\'a0Eren\'a0S,\'a0Celikbas\'a0A.K,\'a0Dokuzoguz\'a0B.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibility of Brucella species.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):405\'96407.\
79. Dorbecker\'a0C,\'a0Sander\'a0A,\'a0Oberle\'a0K,\'a0Schulin-Casonato\'a0T.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Bartonella species to 17 antimicrobial compounds: comparison of Etest and agar dilution.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(4):784\'96788.\
80. Bebear\'a0C,\'a0Pereyre\'a0S,\'a0Peuchant\'a0O.\'a0Mycoplasma pneumoniae: susceptibility and resistance to antibiotics.\'a0Future Microbiology.\'a02011;6(4):423\'96431.\
81. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Bryskier\'a0A,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0Comparative activities of telithromycin (HMR 3647), levofloxacin, and other antimicrobial agents against human mycoplasmas.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(7):1980\'961982.\
82. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Charron\'a0A,\'a0Gruson\'a0D,\'a0Lefrancois\'a0M,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of trovafloxacin compared to those of five antimicrobials against mycoplasmas including Mycoplasma hominis and Ureaplasma urealyticum fluoroquinolone-resistant isolates that have been genetically characterized.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(9):2557\'962560.\
83. Schulin\'a0T,\'a0Wennersten\'a0C.B,\'a0Ferraro\'a0M.J,\'a0Moellering\'a0Jr.\'a0R.C,\'a0Eliopoulos\'a0G.M.\'a0Susceptibilities of Legionella spp. to newer antimicrobials in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01998;42(6):1520\'961523.\
84. Critchley\'a0I.A,\'a0Jones\'a0M.E,\'a0Heinze\'a0P.D,\'a0et al.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of levofloxacin against contemporary clinical isolates of Legionella pneumophila, Mycoplasma pneumoniae and Chlamydia pneumoniae from North America and Europe.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02002;8(4):214\'96221.\
85. Roblin\'a0P.M,\'a0Hammerschlag\'a0M.R.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of GAR-936 against Chlamydia pneumoniae and Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(1):61\'9663.\
86. Butaye\'a0P,\'a0Ducatelle\'a0R,\'a0De Backer\'a0P,\'a0Vermeersch\'a0H,\'a0Remon\'a0J.P,\'a0Haesebrouck\'a0F.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of doxycycline and enrofloxacin against European Chlamydia psittaci strains from turkeys.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01997;41(12):2800\'962801.\
87. Samra\'a0Z,\'a0Rosenberg\'a0S,\'a0Soffer\'a0Y,\'a0Dan\'a0M.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of recent clinical isolates of Chlamydia trachomatis to macrolides and tetracyclines.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02001;39(3):177\'96179.\
88. Wormser\'a0G.P,\'a0Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Dattwyler\'a0R.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Practice guidelines for the treatment of Lyme disease. The infectious diseases society of America.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02000;31(Suppl 1):1\'9614.\
89. Ates\'a0L,\'a0Hanssen-Hubner\'a0C,\'a0Norris\'a0D.E,\'a0Richter\'a0D,\'a0Kraiczy\'a0P,\'a0Hunfeld\'a0K.P.\'a0Comparison of in\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline, doxycycline, and tetracycline against the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi.\'a0Ticks Tick Borne Dis.\'a02010;1(1):30\'9634.\
90. Murray\'a0C.K,\'a0Ellis\'a0M.W,\'a0Hospenthal\'a0D.R.\'a0Susceptibility of Leptospira serovars to antimalarial agents.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02004;71(5):685\'96686.\
91. Norris\'a0S.J,\'a0Edmondson\'a0D.G.\'a0In\'a0vitro culture system to determine MICs and MBCs of antimicrobial agents against Treponema pallidum subsp. pallidum (Nichols strain).\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01988;32(1):68\'9674.\
92. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Roussellier\'a0P,\'a0Vestris\'a0G,\'a0Tamalet\'a0J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antibiotic susceptibility of Rickettsia rickettsii and Rickettsia conorii: plaque assay and microplaque colorimetric assay.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01987;155(5):1059\'961062.\
93. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Drancourt\'a0M.\'a0Antimicrobial therapy of rickettsial diseases.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01991;35(12):2457\'962462.\
94. Branger\'a0S,\'a0Rolain\'a0J.M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Evaluation of antibiotic susceptibilities of Ehrlichia canis, Ehrlichia chaffeensis, and Anaplasma phagocytophilum by real-time PCR.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02004;48(12):4822\'964828.\
95. Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J.\'a0Clinical and taxonomic status of pathogenic nonpigmented or late-pigmenting rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a02002;15(4):716\'96746.\
96. Uslan\'a0D.Z,\'a0Kowalski\'a0T.J,\'a0Wengenack\'a0N.L,\'a0Virk\'a0A,\'a0Wilson\'a0J.W.\'a0Skin and soft tissue infections due to rapidly growing mycobacteria: comparison of clinical features, treatment, and susceptibility.\'a0Archives of Dermatology.\'a02006;142(10):1287\'961292.\
97. Wallace\'a0R.J,\'a0Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Crist\'a0C.J,\'a0Mann\'a0L,\'a0Wilson\'a0R.W.\'a0Comparison of the in\'a0vitro activity of the glycylcycline tigecycline (Formerly GAR-936) with those of tetracycline, minocycline, and doxycycline against isolates of nontuberculous mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02002;46(10):3164\'963167.\
98. Rhomberg\'a0P.R,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of 11 antimicrobial agents, including gatifloxacin and GAR936, tested against clinical isolates of Mycobacterium marinum.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02002;42(2):145\'96147.\
99. da Silva Telles\'a0M.A,\'a0Chimara\'a0E,\'a0Ferrazoli\'a0L,\'a0Riley\'a0L.W.\'a0Mycobacterium kansasii: antibiotic susceptibility and PCR-restriction analysis of clinical isolates.\'a0J Med Microbiol.\'a02005;54(Pt 10):975\'96979.\
100. Balabanova\'a0Y,\'a0Ruddy\'a0M,\'a0Hubb\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in Russia: clinical characteristics, analysis of second-line drug resistance and development of standardized therapy.\'a0Eur J Clin Microbiol.\'a02005;24(2):136\'96139.\
101. Walker\'a0N.F,\'a0Clark\'a0S.O,\'a0Oni\'a0T,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline and HIV infection suppress tuberculosis-induced matrix metalloproteinases.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02012;185(9):989\'96997.\
102. Brown\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J,\'a0Onyi\'a0G.\'a0Activities of the glycylcyclines N,N-dimethylglycylamido-minocycline and N,N-dimethylglycylamido-6-demethyl-6-deoxytetracycline against Nocardia spp. and tetracycline-resistant isolates of rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01996;40(4):874\'96878.\
103. Cercenado\'a0E,\'a0Marin\'a0M,\'a0Sanchez-Martinez\'a0M,\'a0Cuevas\'a0O,\'a0Martinez-Alarcon\'a0J,\'a0Bouza\'a0E.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline and eight other antimicrobials against different Nocardia species identified by molecular methods.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02007;51(3):1102\'961104.\
104. Chang\'a0H.R,\'a0Comte\'a0R,\'a0Pechere\'a0J.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro and in\'a0vivo effects of doxycycline on Toxoplasma gondii.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01990;34(5):775\'96780.\
105. Edlind\'a0T.D.\'a0Tetracyclines as antiparasitic agents: lipophilic derivatives are highly active against Giardia lamblia in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(12):2144\'962145.\
106. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hawkey\'a0P.M,\'a0Hinton\'a0M.\'a0Tetracyclines, molecular and clinical aspects.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01992;29(3):245\'96277.\
107. Metlay\'a0J.P,\'a0Waterer\'a0G.W,\'a0Long\'a0A.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Diagnosis and treatment of adults with community-acquired pneumonia. An official clinical practice guideline of the American Thoracic Society and Infectious Diseases Society of America.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02019;200(7):e45\'96e67.\
108. Choi\'a0S.H,\'a0Cesar\'a0A,\'a0Snow\'a0T.A.C,\'a0Saleem\'a0N,\'a0Arulkumaran\'a0N,\'a0Singer\'a0M.\'a0Efficacy of doxycycline for mild-to-moderate community-acquired pneumonia in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02022.\
109. Klein\'a0N.C,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Treatment of legionnaires\'92 disease.\'a0Semin Respir Infect.\'a01998;13(2):140\'96146.\
110. Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0The atypical pneumonias: clinical diagnosis and importance.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02006;12(Suppl 3):12\'9624.\
111. Shames\'a0J.M,\'a0George\'a0R.B,\'a0Holliday\'a0W.B,\'a0Rasch\'a0J.R,\'a0Mogabgab\'a0W.J.\'a0Comparison of antibiotics in the treatment of mycoplasmal pneumonia.\'a0Arch Intern Med.\'a01970;125(4):680\'96684.\
112. Jawetz\'a0E.\'a0Chemotherapy of chlamydial infections.\'a0Adv Pharmacol Chemother.\'a01969;7:253\'96282.\
113. Yung\'a0A.P,\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L.\'a0Psittacosis--a review of 135 cases.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01988;148(5):228\'96233.\
114. Khatib\'a0R,\'a0Thirumoorthi\'a0M.C,\'a0Kelly\'a0B,\'a0Grady\'a0K.J.\'a0Severe psittacosis during pregnancy and suppression of antibody response with early therapy.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01995;27(5):519\'96521.\
115. Lindenbaum\'a0J,\'a0Greenough\'a0W.B,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Antibiotic therapy of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01967;36(6):871\'96883.\
116. McCormack\'a0W.M,\'a0Chowdhury\'a0A.M,\'a0Jahangir\'a0N,\'a0Ahmed\'a0A.B,\'a0Mosley\'a0W.H.\'a0Tetracycline prophylaxis in families of cholera patients.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01968;38(5):787\'96792.\
117. Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Single dose tetracycline in cholera.\'a0Gut.\'a01987;28(8):1029\'961032.\
118. Rabbani\'a0G.H,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R,\'a0Butler\'a0T,\'a0Shahrier\'a0M,\'a0Alam\'a0K.\'a0Single-dose treatment of cholera with furazolidone or tetracycline in a double-blind randomized trial.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(9):1447\'961450.\
119. De\'a0S,\'a0Chaudhuri\'a0A,\'a0Dutta\'a0P,\'a0Dutta\'a0D,\'a0De\'a0S.P,\'a0Pal\'a0S.C.\'a0Doxycycline in the treatment of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01976;54(2):177\'96179.\
120. Yamamoto\'a0T,\'a0Nair\'a0G.B,\'a0Albert\'a0M.J,\'a0Parodi\'a0C.C,\'a0Takeda\'a0Y.\'a0Survey of in\'a0vitro susceptibilities of Vibrio cholerae O1 and O139 to antimicrobial agents.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(1):241\'96244.\
121. Gisbert\'a0J.P,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Gomollon\'a0F,\'a0Sainz\'a0R.\'a0[Treatment for the eradication of Helicobacter pylori. Recommendations of the Spanish consensus conference].\'a0Medicina Clinica.\'a02000;114(5):185\'96195.\
122. Gene\'a0E,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Azagra\'a0R,\'a0Gisbert\'a0J.P.\'a0Triple vs. quadruple therapy for treating Helicobacter pylori infection: a meta-analysis.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02003;17(9):1137\'961143.\
123. Cammarota\'a0G,\'a0Martino\'a0A,\'a0Pirozzi\'a0G,\'a0et al.\'a0High efficacy of 1-week doxycycline- and amoxicillin-based quadruple regimen in a culture-guided, third-line treatment approach for Helicobacter pylori infection.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02004;19(7):789\'96795.\
124. Sack\'a0D.A,\'a0Kaminsky\'a0D.C,\'a0Sack\'a0R.B,\'a0et al.\'a0Prophylactic doxycycline for travelers\'92 diarrhea. Results of a prospective double-blind study of Peace Corps volunteers in Kenya.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01978;298(14):758\'96763.\
125. Doernberg\'a0S.B,\'a0Winston\'a0L.G,\'a0Deck\'a0D.H,\'a0Chambers\'a0H.F.\'a0Does doxycycline protect against development of Clostridium difficile infection?\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02012;55(5):615\'96620.\
126. Baxter\'a0R,\'a0Ray\'a0G.T,\'a0Fireman\'a0B.H.\'a0Case-control study of antibiotic use and subsequent Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea in hospitalized patients.\'a0Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol.\'a02008;29(1):44\'9650.\
127. Tariq\'a0R,\'a0Cho\'a0J,\'a0Kapoor\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0Low risk of primary Clostridium difficile infection with tetracyclines: a systematic review and Metaanalysis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02018;66(4):514\'96522.\
128. Workowski\'a0K.A,\'a0Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Chan\'a0P.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021.\'a0MMWR Recommendations and Reports.\'a02021;70(4):1\'96187.\
129. Lau\'a0C.Y,\'a0Qureshi\'a0A.K.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for genital chlamydial infections: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a02002;29(9):497\'96502.\
130. Geisler\'a0W.M,\'a0Uniyal\'a0A,\'a0Lee\'a0J.Y,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for urogenital Chlamydia trachomatis infection.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02015;373(26):2512\'962521.\
131. Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Stephens\'a0J,\'a0Richey\'a0C.M,\'a0Hook\'a0E.W.\'a03rd. Measured versus self-reported compliance with doxycycline therapy for chlamydia-associated syndromes: high therapeutic success rates despite poor compliance.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a01999;26(5):272\'96278.\
132. Lau\'a0A,\'a0Kong\'a0F.Y.S,\'a0Fairley\'a0C.K,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin or doxycycline for asymptomatic rectal Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02021;384(25):2418\'962427.\
133. Dombrowski\'a0J.C,\'a0Wierzbicki\'a0M.R,\'a0Newman\'a0L.M,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of Rectal Chlamydia in men who have sex with men: a randomized controlled trial.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02021;73(5):824\'96831.\
134. Peuchant\'a0O,\'a0Lhomme\'a0E,\'a0Martinet\'a0P,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of anorectal Chlamydia trachomatis infection in women concurrent with vaginal infection (CHLAZIDOXY study): a multicentre, open-label, randomised, controlled, superiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02022;22(8):1221\'961230.\
135. Taylor-Robinson\'a0D,\'a0Furr\'a0P.M.\'a0Clinical antibiotic resistance of Ureaplasma urealyticum.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01986;5(6 Suppl):S335\'96S337.\
136. Wikstrom\'a0A,\'a0Jensen\'a0J.S.\'a0Mycoplasma genitalium: a common cause of persistent urethritis among men treated with doxycycline.\'a0Sex Transm. Infect.\'a02006;82(4):276\'96279.\
137. Bjornelius\'a0E,\'a0Anagrius\'a0C,\'a0Bojs\'a0G,\'a0et al.\'a0Antibiotic treatment of symptomatic Mycoplasma genitalium infection in Scandinavia: a controlled clinical trial.\'a0Sex Transm Infect.\'a02008;84(1):72\'9676.\
138. Orellana\'a0M.A,\'a0Gomez-Lus\'a0M.L.\'a0Which is the best empirical treatment in patients with urethritis?\'a0Rev Esp Quim.\'a02011;24(3):136\'96142.\
139. Newman\'a0L.M,\'a0Moran\'a0J.S,\'a0Workowski\'a0K.A.\'a0Update on the management of gonorrhea in adults in the United States.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02007;44(Suppl 3):S84\'96S101.\
140. Bolan\'a0R.K,\'a0Beymer\'a0M.R,\'a0Weiss\'a0R.E,\'a0Flynn\'a0R.P,\'a0Leibowitz\'a0A.A,\'a0Klausner\'a0J.D.\'a0Doxycycline prophylaxis to reduce incident syphilis among HIV-infected men who have sex with men who continue to engage in high-risk sex: a randomized, controlled pilot study.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a02015;42(2):98\'96103.\
141. Molina\'a0J.M,\'a0Charreau\'a0I,\'a0Chidiac\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0Post-exposure prophylaxis with doxycycline to prevent sexually transmitted infections in men who have sex with men: an open-label randomised substudy of the ANRS IPERGAY trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02018;18(3):308\'96317.\
142. Luetkemeyer\'a0A.F,\'a0Donnell\'a0D,\'a0Dombrowski\'a0J.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Postexposure doxycycline to prevent bacterial sexually transmitted infections.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02023;388(14):1296\'961306.\
143. Greaves\'a0A.B,\'a0Hilleman\'a0M.R,\'a0Taggart\'a0S.R,\'a0Bankhead\'a0A.B,\'a0Feld\'a0M.\'a0Chemotherapy in bubonic lymphogranuloma venereum: a clinical and serological evaluation.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01957;16(2):277\'96289.\
144. Ness\'a0R.B,\'a0Soper\'a0D.E,\'a0Holley\'a0R.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Effectiveness of inpatient and outpatient treatment strategies for women with pelvic inflammatory disease: results from the Pelvic Inflammatory Disease Evaluation and Clinical Health (PEACH) Randomized Trial.\'a0Am J Obstet Gynecol.\'a02002;186(5):929\'96937.\
145. Lantos\'a0P.M,\'a0Rumbaugh\'a0J,\'a0Bockenstedt\'a0L.K,\'a0et al.\'a0Clinical practice guidelines by the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA), American Academy of Neurology (AAN), and American College of Rheumatology (ACR): 2020 guidelines for the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of Lyme disease.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02021;72(1):1\'968.\'a0Page 351.e3.\
146. Stupica\'a0D,\'a0Collinet-Adler\'a0S,\'a0Blagus\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of erythema migrans with doxycycline for 7 days versus 14 days in Slovenia: a randomised open-label non-inferiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02022.\
147. Steere\'a0A.C,\'a0Levin\'a0R.E,\'a0Molloy\'a0P.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of Lyme arthritis.\'a0Arthritis Rheumatol.\'a01994;37(6):878\'96888.\
148. Karlsson\'a0M,\'a0Hammers-Berggren\'a0S,\'a0Lindquist\'a0L,\'a0Stiernstedt\'a0G,\'a0Svenungsson\'a0B.\'a0Comparison of intravenous penicillin G and oral doxycycline for treatment of Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Neurology.\'a01994;44(7):1203\'961207.\
149. Lj\'f8stad\'a0U,\'a0Skogvoll\'a0E,\'a0Eikeland\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Oral doxycycline versus intravenous ceftriaxone for European Lyme neuroborreliosis: a multicentre, non-inferiority, double-blind, randomised trial.\'a0Lancet Neurol.\'a02008;7(8):690\'96695.\
150. Bremell\'a0D,\'a0Dotevall\'a0L.\'a0Oral doxycycline for Lyme neuroborreliosis with symptoms of encephalitis, myelitis, vasculitis or intracranial hypertension.\'a0Eur Neurol.\'a02014;21(9):1162\'961167.\
151. Berende\'a0A,\'a0ter Hofstede\'a0H.J,\'a0Vos\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Randomized trial of longer-term therapy for symptoms attributed to Lyme disease.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02016;374(13):1209\'961220.\
152. Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Nowakowski\'a0J,\'a0Fish\'a0D,\'a0et al.\'a0Prophylaxis with single-dose doxycycline for the prevention of Lyme disease after an Ixodes scapularis tick bite.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02001;345(2):79\'9684.\
153. Perine\'a0P.L,\'a0Teklu\'a0B.\'a0Antibiotic treatment of louse-borne relapsing fever in Ethiopia: a report of 377 cases.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a01983;32(5):1096\'961100.\
154. Zenker\'a0P.N,\'a0Rolfs\'a0R.T.\'a0Treatment of syphilis, 1989.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01990;12(Suppl 6):S590\'96S609.\
155. Ghanem\'a0K.G,\'a0Erbelding\'a0E.J,\'a0Cheng\'a0W.W,\'a0Rompalo\'a0A.M.\'a0Doxycycline compared with benzathine penicillin for the treatment of early syphilis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02006;42(6):e45\'96e49.\
156. Psomas\'a0K.C,\'a0Brun\'a0M,\'a0Causse\'a0A,\'a0Atoui\'a0N,\'a0Reynes\'a0J,\'a0Le Moing\'a0V.\'a0Efficacy of ceftriaxone and doxycycline in the treatment of early syphilis.\'a0Med Mal Infect.\'a02012;42(1):15\'9619.\
157. Kang-Birken\'a0S.L,\'a0Castel\'a0U,\'a0Prichard\'a0J.G.\'a0Oral doxycycline for treatment of neurosyphilis in two patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02010;30(4):119e\'96122e.\
158. Girometti\'a0N,\'a0Junejo\'a0M.H,\'a0Nugent\'a0D,\'a0McOwan\'a0A,\'a0Whitlock\'a0G.\'a0Clinical and serological outcomes in patients treated with oral doxycycline for early neurosyphilis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02021;76(7):1916\'961919.\
159. De\'a0M.A,\'a0Solaro\'a0C,\'a0Abbruzzese\'a0M,\'a0Primavera\'a0A.\'a0Minocycline for symptomatic neurosyphilis in patients allergic to penicillin.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01997;337(18):1322\'961323.\
160. Farnsworth\'a0N,\'a0Rosen\'a0T.\'a0Endemic treponematosis: review and update.\'a0Clinics in Dermatology.\'a02006;24(3):181\'96190.\
161. Suputtamongkol\'a0Y,\'a0Niwattayakul\'a0K,\'a0Suttinont\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0An open, randomized, controlled trial of penicillin, doxycycline, and cefotaxime for patients with severe leptospirosis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02004;39(10):1417\'961424.\
162. Brett-Major\'a0D.M,\'a0Lipnick\'a0R.J.\'a0Antibiotic prophylaxis for leptospirosis.\'a0Cochrane Database Syst Rev.\'a02009(3):Cd007342.\
163. Griffith\'a0K.S,\'a0Lewis\'a0L.S,\'a0Mali\'a0S,\'a0Parise\'a0M.E.\'a0Treatment of malaria in the United States: a systematic review.\'a0JAMA.\'a02007;297(20):2264\'962277.\
164. Pukrittayakamee\'a0S,\'a0Clemens\'a0R,\'a0Chantra\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Therapeutic responses to antibacterial drugs in vivax malaria.\'a0Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg.\'a02001;95(5):524\'96528.\
165. Ohrt\'a0C,\'a0Richie\'a0T.L,\'a0Widjaja\'a0H,\'a0et al.\'a0Mefloquine compared with doxycycline for the prophylaxis of malaria in Indonesian soldiers. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01997;126(12):963\'96972.\
166. Sonmez\'a0A,\'a0Harlak\'a0A,\'a0Kilic\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0The efficacy and tolerability of doxycycline and mefloquine in malaria prophylaxis of the ISAF troops in Afghanistan.\'a0J Infect Res.\'a02005;51(3):253\'96258.\
167. Rieckmann\'a0K.H,\'a0Yeo\'a0A.E,\'a0Davis\'a0D.R,\'a0Hutton\'a0D.C,\'a0Wheatley\'a0P.F,\'a0Simpson\'a0R.\'a0Recent military experience with malaria chemoprophylaxis.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01993;158(7):446\'96449.\
168. Pang\'a0L.W,\'a0Limsomwong\'a0N,\'a0Boudreau\'a0E.F,\'a0Singharaj\'a0P.\'a0Doxycycline prophylaxis for falciparum malaria.\'a0Lancet.\'a01987;1(8543):1161\'961164.\
169. Pang\'a0L,\'a0Limsomwong\'a0N,\'a0Singharaj\'a0P.\'a0Prophylactic treatment of vivax and falciparum malaria with low-dose doxycycline.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01988;158(5):1124\'961127.\
170. Shmuklarsky\'a0M.J,\'a0Boudreau\'a0E.F,\'a0Pang\'a0L.W,\'a0et al.\'a0Failure of doxycycline as a causal prophylactic agent against Plasmodium falciparum malaria in healthy nonimmune volunteers.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01994;120(4):294\'96299.\
171. Tan\'a0K.R,\'a0Magill\'a0A.J,\'a0Parise\'a0M.E,\'a0Arguin\'a0P.M.\'a0Doxycycline for malaria chemoprophylaxis and treatment: report from the CDC expert meeting on malaria chemoprophylaxis.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02011;84(4):517\'96531.\
172. Fan\'a0M.Y,\'a0Walker\'a0D.H,\'a0Yu\'a0S.R,\'a0Liu\'a0Q.H.\'a0Epidemiology and ecology of rickettsial diseases in the People\'92s Republic of China.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(4):823\'96840.\
173. Gudiol\'a0F,\'a0Pallares\'a0R,\'a0Carratala\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Randomized double-blind evaluation of ciprofloxacin and doxycycline for Mediterranean spotted fever.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(6):987\'96988.\
174. Perine\'a0P.L,\'a0Chandler\'a0B.P,\'a0Krause\'a0D.K,\'a0et al.\'a0A clinico-epidemiological study of epidemic typhus in Africa.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01992;14(5):1149\'961158.\
175. Minniear\'a0T.D,\'a0Buckingham\'a0S.C.\'a0Managing rocky mountain spotted fever.\'a0Expert Rev Anti-infect Ther.\'a02009;7(9):1131\'961137.\
176. Ariza\'a0J,\'a0Bosilkovski\'a0M,\'a0Cascio\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Perspectives for the treatment of brucellosis in the 21st century: the Ioannina recommendations.\'a0PLoS Medicine.\'a02007;4(12):e317.\
177. Solera\'a0J,\'a0Martinez-Alfaro\'a0E,\'a0Saez\'a0L.\'a0Meta-analysis of the efficacy of the combination of +rifampicin and doxycycline in the treatment of human brucellosis.\'a0Med Clin.\'a01994;102(19):731\'96738.\
178. Hasanjani Roushan\'a0M.R,\'a0Mohraz\'a0M,\'a0Hajiahmadi\'a0M,\'a0Ramzani\'a0A,\'a0Valayati\'a0A.A.\'a0Efficacy of gentamicin plus doxycycline versus streptomycin plus doxycycline in the treatment of brucellosis in humans.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02006;42(8):1075\'961080.\
179. Hasanain\'a0A,\'a0Mahdy\'a0R,\'a0Mohamed\'a0A,\'a0Ali\'a0M.\'a0A randomized, comparative study of dual therapy (doxycycline-rifampin) versus triple therapy (doxycycline-rifampin-levofloxacin) for treating acute/subacute brucellosis.\'a0Braz J Infect Dis.\'a02016;20(3):250\'96254.\
180. Pappas\'a0G,\'a0Seitaridis\'a0S,\'a0Akritidis\'a0N,\'a0Tsianos\'a0E.\'a0Treatment of brucella spondylitis: lessons from an impossible meta-analysis and initial report of efficacy of a fluoroquinolone-containing regimen.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;24(5):502\'96507.\
181. Powell\'a0O.W,\'a0Kennedy\'a0K.P,\'a0Mc\'a0I.M,\'a0Silverstone\'a0H.\'a0Tetracycline in the treatment of \'93Q\'94 fever.\'a0Australas Ann Med.\'a01962;11:184\'96188.\
182. Spelman\'a0D.W.\'a0Q fever: a study of 111 consecutive cases.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01982;1(13):547\'96548\'a0551, 553.\
183. Maurin\'a0M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Q fever.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a01999;12(4):518\'96553.\
184. Ferrante\'a0M.A,\'a0Dolan\'a0M.J.\'a0Q fever meningoencephalitis in a soldier returning from the Persian Gulf War.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01993;16(4):489\'96496.\
185. Fenollar\'a0F,\'a0Fournier\'a0P.E,\'a0Carrieri\'a0M.P,\'a0Habib\'a0G,\'a0Messana\'a0T,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Risks factors and prevention of Q fever endocarditis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;33(3):312\'96316.\
186. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Houpikian\'a0P,\'a0Tissot Dupont\'a0H,\'a0Riss\'a0J.M,\'a0Arditi-Djiane\'a0J,\'a0Brouqui\'a0P.\'a0Treatment of Q fever endocarditis: comparison of 2 regimens containing doxycycline and ofloxacin or hydroxychloroquine.\'a0Arch Intern Med.\'a01999;159(2):167\'96173.\
187. Chaowagul\'a0W,\'a0Chierakul\'a0W,\'a0Simpson\'a0A.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Open-label randomized trial of oral trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, doxycycline, and chloramphenicol compared with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole and doxycycline for maintenance therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(10):4020\'964025.\
188. Chaowagul\'a0W,\'a0Simpson\'a0A.J,\'a0Suputtamongkol\'a0Y,\'a0Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Angus\'a0B.J,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0A comparison of chloramphenicol, trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, and doxycycline with doxycycline alone as maintenance therapy for melioidosis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01999;29(2):375\'96380.\
189. Fredeking\'a0T.M,\'a0Zavala-Castro\'a0J.E,\'a0Gonzalez-Martinez\'a0P,\'a0et al.\'a0Dengue patients treated with doxycycline showed lower mortality associated to a reduction in IL-6 and TNF levels.\'a0Recent Patents on Anti-infective Drug Discovery.\'a02015;10(1):51\'9658.\
190. Haik\'a0S,\'a0Marcon\'a0G,\'a0Mallet\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline in Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease: a phase 2, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0The Lancet Neurology.\'a02014;13(2):150\'96158.\
191. Varges\'a0D,\'a0Manthey\'a0H,\'a0Heinemann\'a0U,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline in early CJD: a double-blinded randomised phase II and observational study.\'a0J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry Res.\'a02017;88(2):119\'96125.\
192. Ritchie\'a0D.J,\'a0Garavaglia-Wilson\'a0A.\'a0A review of intravenous minocycline for treatment of multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter infections.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02014;59(Suppl 6):S374\'96S380.\
193. Pogue\'a0J.M,\'a0Neelakanta\'a0A,\'a0Mynatt\'a0R.P,\'a0Sharma\'a0S,\'a0Lephart\'a0P,\'a0Kaye\'a0K.S.\'a0Carbapenem-resistance in gram-negative bacilli and intravenous minocycline: an antimicrobial stewardship approach at the Detroit Medical Center.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02014;59(Suppl 6):S388\'96S393.\
194. Hand\'a0E,\'a0Davis\'a0H,\'a0Kim\'a0T,\'a0Duhon\'a0B.\'a0Monotherapy with minocycline or trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole for treatment of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia infections.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02016;71(4):1071\'961075.\
195. Tan\'a0H.H.\'a0Antibacterial therapy for acne: a guide to selection and use of systemic agents.\'a0Am J Clin Dermatol.\'a02003;4(5):307\'96314.\
196. Stewart\'a0D.M,\'a0Torok\'a0H.M,\'a0Weiss\'a0J.S,\'a0Plott\'a0R.T.\'a0Dose-ranging efficacy of new once-daily extended-release minocycline for acne vulgaris.\'a0Cutis.\'a02006;78(4 Suppl):11\'9620.\
197. O\'92Dell\'a0J.R,\'a0Elliott\'a0J.R,\'a0Mallek\'a0J.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of early seropositive rheumatoid arthritis: doxycycline plus methotrexate versus methotrexate alone.\'a0Arthritis and Rheumatism.\'a02006;54(2):621\'96627.\
198. Tilley\'a0B.C,\'a0Alarcon\'a0G.S,\'a0Heyse\'a0S.P,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline in rheumatoid arthritis. A 48-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. MIRA Trial Group.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01995;122(2):81\'9689.\
199. O\'92Dell\'a0J.R,\'a0Paulsen\'a0G,\'a0Haire\'a0C.E,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of early seropositive rheumatoid arthritis with minocycline: four-year followup of a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0Arthritis and Rheumatol.\'a01999;42(8):1691\'961695.\
200. Matsuyama\'a0A,\'a0Sakai\'a0N,\'a0Ishigami\'a0M,\'a0Hiraoka\'a0H,\'a0Yamashita\'a0S.\'a0Minocycline for the treatment of Takayasu arteritis.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a02005;143(5):394\'96395.\
201. Sorensen\'a0P.S,\'a0Sellebjerg\'a0F,\'a0Lycke\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline added to subcutaneous interferon \uc0\u946 -1a in multiple sclerosis: randomized RECYCLINE study.\'a0Eur Neurol.\'a02016;23(5):861\'96870.\
202. Metz\'a0L.M,\'a0Li\'a0D.K.B,\'a0Traboulsee\'a0A.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Trial of minocycline in a clinically isolated syndrome of multiple sclerosis.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02017;376(22):2122\'962133.\
203. Brouillard\'a0J.E,\'a0Terriff\'a0C.M,\'a0Tofan\'a0A,\'a0Garrison\'a0M.W.\'a0Antibiotic selection and resistance issues with fluoroquinolones and doxycycline against bioterrorism agents.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02006;26(1):3\'9614.\
204. Roberts\'a0M.C.\'a0Tetracycline resistance determinants: mechanisms of action, regulation of expression, genetic mobility, and distribution.\'a0FEMS Microbiol Rev.\'a01996;19(1):1\'9624.\
205. Roberts\'a0M.C.\'a0Tetracycline therapy: update.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02003;36(4):462\'96467.\
206. Chopra\'a0I.\'a0New developments in tetracycline antibiotics: glycylcyclines and tetracycline efflux pump inhibitors.\'a0Drug Resistance Updates.\'a02002;5(3\'964):119\'96125.\
207. Paulsen\'a0I.T,\'a0Brown\'a0M.H,\'a0Skurray\'a0R.A.\'a0Proton-dependent multidrug efflux systems.\'a0Microbiol Rev.\'a01996;60(4):575\'96608.\
208. Connell\'a0S.R,\'a0Tracz\'a0D.M,\'a0Nierhaus\'a0K.H,\'a0Taylor\'a0D.E.\'a0Ribosomal protection proteins and their mechanism of tetracycline resistance.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(12):3675\'963681.\
209. Rasmussen\'a0B.A,\'a0Gluzman\'a0Y,\'a0Tally\'a0F.P.\'a0Inhibition of protein synthesis occurring on tetracycline-resistant, TetM-protected ribosomes by a novel class of tetracyclines, the glycylcyclines.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(7):1658\'961660.\
210. Melville\'a0C.M,\'a0Scott\'a0K.P,\'a0Mercer\'a0D.K,\'a0Flint\'a0H.J.\'a0Novel tetracycline resistance gene, tet(32), in the Clostridium-related human colonic anaerobe K10 and its transmission in\'a0vitro to the rumen anaerobe Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02001;45(11):3246\'963249.\
211. Speer\'a0B.S,\'a0Salyers\'a0A.A.\'a0Novel aerobic tetracycline resistance gene that chemically modifies tetracycline.\'a0J Bacter.\'a01989;171(1):148\'96153.\
212. Yang\'a0W,\'a0Moore\'a0I.F,\'a0Koteva\'a0K.P,\'a0Bareich\'a0D.C,\'a0Hughes\'a0D.W,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0TetX is a flavin-dependent monooxygenase conferring resistance to tetracycline antibiotics.\'a0J Biol Chem.\'a02004;279(50):52346\'9652352.\
213. Moore\'a0I.F,\'a0Hughes\'a0D.W,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0Tigecycline is modified by the flavin-dependent monooxygenase TetX.\'a0Biochemistry.\'a02005;44(35):11829\'9611835.\
214. Cohen\'a0S.P,\'a0McMurry\'a0L.M,\'a0Levy\'a0S.B.\'a0marA locus causes decreased expression of OmpF porin in multiple-antibiotic-resistant (Mar) mutants of Escherichia coli.\'a0J Bacteriol.\'a01988;170(12):5416\'965422.\
215. Gerrits\'a0M.M,\'a0de Zoete\'a0M.R,\'a0Arents\'a0N.L,\'a0Kuipers\'a0E.J,\'a0Kusters\'a0J.G.\'a016S rRNA mutation-mediated tetracycline resistance in Helicobacter pylori.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02002;46(9):2996\'963000.\
216. Trieber\'a0C.A,\'a0Taylor\'a0D.E.\'a0Mutations in the 16S rRNA genes of Helicobacter pylori mediate resistance to tetracycline.\'a0J Bacteriol.\'a02002;184(8):2131\'962140.\
217. Smith\'a0K,\'a0Leyden\'a0J.J.\'a0Safety of doxycycline and minocycline: a systematic review.\'a0Clin Therap.\'a02005;27(9):1329\'961342.\
218. Lebrun-Vignes\'a0B,\'a0Kreft-Jais\'a0C,\'a0Castot\'a0A,\'a0Chosidow\'a0O.\'a0Comparative analysis of adverse drug reactions to tetracyclines: results of a French national survey and review of the literature.\'a0Br J Dermatol.\'a02012;166(6):1333\'961341.\
219. Hey\'a0H,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0F,\'a0Sorensen\'a0K,\'a0Hasselbalch\'a0H,\'a0Wamberg\'a0T.\'a0Oesophageal transit of six commonly used tablets and capsules.\'a0Br Med J (Clinical Research Ed).\'a01982;285(6356):1717\'961719.\'a0Page 351.e4.\
220. Winckler\'a0K.\'a0Tetracycline ulcers of the oesophagus, Endoscopy, histology and roentgenology in two cases, and review of the literature.\'a0Endoscopy.\'a01981;13(6):225\'96228.\
221. Fanning\'a0W.L,\'a0Gump\'a0D.W,\'a0Sofferman\'a0R.A.\'a0Side effects of minocycline: a double-blind study.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(4):712\'96717.\
222. Shea\'a0C.R,\'a0Olack\'a0G.A,\'a0Morrison\'a0H,\'a0Chen\'a0N,\'a0Hasan\'a0T.\'a0Phototoxicity of lumidoxycycline.\'a0J Invest Dermatol.\'a01993;101(3):329\'96333.\
223. Bethell\'a0H.J.\'a0Photo-onycholysis caused by demethylchlortetracycline.\'a0Br Med J.\'a01977;2(6079):96.\
224. Fenske\'a0N.A,\'a0Millns\'a0J.L,\'a0Greer\'a0K.E.\'a0Minocycline-induced pigmentation at sites of cutaneous inflammation.\'a0JAMA.\'a01980;244(10):1103\'961106.\
225. Simons\'a0J.J,\'a0Morales\'a0A.\'a0Minocycline and generalized cutaneous pigmentation.\'a0J Am Acad Dermatol.\'a01980;3(3):244\'96247.\
226. Cale\'a0A.E,\'a0Freedman\'a0P.D,\'a0Lumerman\'a0H.\'a0Pigmentation of the jawbones and teeth secondary to minocycline hydrochloride therapy.\'a0Journal of Periodontology.\'a01988;59(2):112\'96114.\
227. Odell\'a0E.W,\'a0Hodgson\'a0R.P,\'a0Haskell\'a0R.\'a0Oral presentation of minocycline-induced black bone disease.\'a0Oral Surgery, Oral Medicine, Oral Pathology, Oral Radiology, and Endodontics.\'a01995;79(4):459\'96461.\
228. Siller\'a0G.M,\'a0Tod\'a0M.A,\'a0Savage\'a0N.W.\'a0Minocycline-induced oral pigmentation.\'a0J Am Acad Dermatol.\'a01994;30(2 Pt 2):350\'96354.\
229. Attwood\'a0H.D.\'a0A black thyroid and minocycline therapy.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01983;1(12):549.\
230. Landas\'a0S.K,\'a0Schelper\'a0R.L,\'a0Tio\'a0F.O,\'a0Turner\'a0J.W,\'a0Moore\'a0K.C,\'a0Bennett-Gray\'a0J.\'a0Black thyroid syndrome: exaggeration of a normal process?\'a0Am J Clin Pathol.\'a01986;85(4):411\'96418.\
231. Demers\'a0P,\'a0Fraser\'a0D,\'a0Goldbloom\'a0R.B,\'a0et al.\'a0Effects of tetracyclines on skeletal growth and dentition. A report by the Nutrition Committee of the Canadian Paediatric Society.\'a0Can Med Assoc.\'a01968;99(17):849\'96854.\
232. Moffitt\'a0J.M,\'a0Cooley\'a0R.O,\'a0Olsen\'a0N.H,\'a0Hefferren\'a0J.J.\'a0Prediction of tetracycline-induced tooth discoloration.\'a0J Am Dent Assoc (1939).\'a01974;88(3):547\'96552.\
233. Witkop\'a0Jr.\'a0C.J,\'a0Wolf\'a0R.O.\'a0Hypoplasia and intrinsic staining of enamel following tetracycline therapy.\'a0JAMA.\'a01963;185:1008\'961011.\
234. McIntosh\'a0H.A,\'a0Storey\'a0E.\'a0Tetracycline-induced tooth changes.4. Discoloration and hypoplasia induced by tetracycline analogues.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01970;1(3):114\'96119.\
235. Grossman\'a0E.R,\'a0Walchek\'a0A,\'a0Freedman\'a0H.\'a0Tetracyclines and permanent teeth: the relation between dose and tooth color.\'a0Pediatrics.\'a01971;47(3):567\'96570.\
236. Todd\'a0S.R,\'a0Dahlgren\'a0F.S,\'a0Traeger\'a0M.S,\'a0et al.\'a0No visible dental staining in children treated with doxycycline for suspected Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a02015;166(5):1246\'961251.\
237. Volovitz\'a0B,\'a0Shkap\'a0R,\'a0Amir\'a0J,\'a0Calderon\'a0S,\'a0Varsano\'a0I,\'a0Nussinovitch\'a0M.\'a0Absence of tooth staining with doxycycline treatment in young children.\'a0Clin Pediatr.\'a02007;46(2):121\'96126.\
238. Toaff\'a0R,\'a0Ravid\'a0R.\'a0Tetracyclines and the teeth.\'a0Lancet.\'a01966;2(7457):281\'96282.\
239. Cohlan\'a0S.Q.\'a0Teratogenic agents and congenital malformations.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a01963;63:650\'96659.\
240. Schultz\'a0J.C,\'a0Adamson\'a0JS.\'a0J.r,\'a0Workman\'a0W.W,\'a0Norman\'a0T.D.\'a0Fatal liver disease after intravenous administration of tetracycline in high dosage.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01963;269:999\'961004.\
241. Carson\'a0J.L,\'a0Strom\'a0B.L,\'a0Duff\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Acute liver disease associated with erythromycins, sulfonamides, and tetracyclines.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01993;119(7 Pt 1):576\'96583.\
242. Vial\'a0T,\'a0Biour\'a0M,\'a0Descotes\'a0J,\'a0Trepo\'a0C.\'a0Antibiotic-associated hepatitis: update from 1990.\'a0Ann Pharmacother.\'a01997;31(2):204\'96220.\
243. Shils\'a0M.E.\'a0Renal disease and the metabolic effects of tetracycline.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01963;58:389\'96408.\
244. Montoliu\'a0J,\'a0Carrera\'a0M,\'a0Darnell\'a0A,\'a0Revert\'a0L.\'a0Lactic acidosis and Fanconi\'92s syndrome due to degraded tetracycline.\'a0Br. Med. J (Clinical Research Ed).\'a01981;283(6306):1576\'961577.\
245. Lander\'a0C.M.\'a0Minocycline-induced benign intracranial hypertension.\'a0Exp Neurol.\'a01989;26:161\'96167.\
246. Koch-Weser\'a0J,\'a0Gilmore\'a0E.B.\'a0Benign intracranial hypertension in an adult after tetracycline therapy.\'a0JAMA.\'a01967;200(4):345\'96347.\
247. Chiu\'a0A.M,\'a0Chuenkongkaew\'a0W.L,\'a0Cornblath\'a0W.T,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline treatment and pseudotumor cerebri syndrome.\'a0Am J Ophthalmol.\'a01998;126(1):116\'96121.\
248. Kesler\'a0A,\'a0Goldhammer\'a0Y,\'a0Hadayer\'a0A,\'a0Pianka\'a0P.\'a0The outcome of pseudotumor cerebri induced by tetracycline therapy.\'a0Acta Neurologica Scandinavica.\'a02004;110(6):408\'96411.\
249. Lochhead\'a0J,\'a0Elston\'a0J.S.\'a0Doxycycline induced intracranial hypertension.\'a0BMJ (Clinical Research Ed).\'a02003;326(7390):641\'96642.\
250. Knowles\'a0S.R,\'a0Shapiro\'a0L,\'a0Shear\'a0N.H.\'a0Serious adverse reactions induced by minocycline. Report of 13 patients and review of the literature.\'a0Arch Dermatol.\'a01996;132(8):934\'96939.\
251. Fellner\'a0M.J,\'a0Baer\'a0R.L.\'a0Anaphylactic reaction to tetracycline in a penicillin-allergic patient: immunologic studies.\'a0JAMA.\'a01965;192:997\'96998.\
252. Cac\'a0N.N,\'a0Messingham\'a0M.J,\'a0Sniezek\'a0P.J,\'a0Walling\'a0H.W.\'a0Stevens-Johnson syndrome induced by doxycycline.\'a0Cutis.\'a02007;79(2):119\'96122.\
253. Czeizel\'a0A.E,\'a0Rockenbauer\'a0M.\'a0Teratogenic study of doxycycline.\'a0Obstet Gynecol.\'a01997;89(4):524\'96528.\
254. Rosa\'a0F.\'a0Drugs in Pregnancy and Lactation: A Reference Guide to Fetal and Neonatal Risk.\'a0Philadelphia (PA):\'a0Lippincott Williams & Wilkins;\'a02002.\
255. Kaundinnyayana\'a0S,\'a0Kamath\'a0A.\'a0Doxycycline use and adverse pregnancy or neonatal outcomes: a descriptive study using the United States Food and Drug Administration Adverse Event Reporting System database.\'a0Health Sci Rep.\'a02022;5(6):e931.\
256. Ellis-Grosse\'a0E.J,\'a0Babinchak\'a0T,\'a0Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Rose\'a0G,\'a0Loh\'a0E.\'a0The efficacy and safety of tigecycline in the treatment of skin and skin-structure infections: results of 2 double-blind phase 3 comparison studies with vancomycin-aztreonam.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02005;41(Suppl 5):S341\'96S353.\
257. Babinchak\'a0T,\'a0Ellis-Grosse\'a0E,\'a0Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Rose\'a0G.M,\'a0Loh\'a0E.\'a0The efficacy and safety of tigecycline for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections: analysis of pooled clinical trial data.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02005;41(Suppl 5):S354\'96S367.\
258. Tanaseanu\'a0C,\'a0Bergallo\'a0C,\'a0Teglia\'a0O,\'a0et al.\'a0Integrated results of 2 phase 3 studies comparing tigecycline and levofloxacin in community-acquired pneumonia.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02008;61(3):329\'96338.\
259. Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Castaing\'a0N,\'a0Gandjini\'a0H,\'a0Cooper\'a0A.\'a0Tigecycline versus levofloxacin for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia: European experience.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother (Florence, Italy).\'a02008;20(Suppl 1):28\'9635.\
260. FDA. Increased risk of death with Tygacil (tigecycline) compared to other antibiotics used to treat similar infections. http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DrugSafety/ucm224370.htm. (Accessed December 9, 2012).\
261. FDA. FDA Drug Safety Communication: FDA Warns of Increased Risk of Death with IV Antibacterial Tygacil (Tigecycline) and Approves New Boxed Warning. http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DrugSafety/ucm369580.htm. (Accessed January 26, 2014).\
262. McGovern\'a0P.C,\'a0Wible\'a0M,\'a0El-Tahtawy\'a0A,\'a0Biswas\'a0P,\'a0Meyer\'a0R.D.\'a0All-cause mortality imbalance in the tigecycline phase 3 and 4 clinical trials.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02013;41(5):463\'96467.\
263. Sum\'a0P.E,\'a0Lee\'a0V.J,\'a0Testa\'a0R.T,\'a0et al.\'a0Glycylcyclines. 1. A new generation of potent antibacterial agents through modification of 9-aminotetracyclines.\'a0J Med Chem.\'a01994;37(1):184\'96188.\
264. Bauer\'a0G,\'a0Berens\'a0C,\'a0Projan\'a0S.J,\'a0Hillen\'a0W.\'a0Comparison of tetracycline and tigecycline binding to ribosomes mapped by dimethylsulphate and drug-directed Fe2+ cleavage of 16S rRNA.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02004;53(4):592\'96599.\
265. Olson\'a0M.W,\'a0Ruzin\'a0A,\'a0Feyfant\'a0E,\'a0Rush\'a03rd.\'a0T.S,\'a0O\'92Connell\'a0J,\'a0Bradford\'a0P.A.\'a0Functional, biophysical, and structural bases for antibacterial activity of tigecycline.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(6):2156\'962166.\
266. Bergeron\'a0J,\'a0Ammirati\'a0M,\'a0Danley\'a0D,\'a0et al.\'a0Glycylcyclines bind to the high-affinity tetracycline ribosomal binding site and evade Tet(M)- and Tet(O)-mediated ribosomal protection.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01996;40(9):2226\'962228.\
267. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Homenuik\'a0K,\'a0Nichol\'a0K,\'a0et al.\'a0The glycylcyclines: a comparative review with the tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a02004;64(1):63\'9688.\
268. Wyeth. Tygacil (tigecycline) package insert. In: Wyeth Pharmaceuticals I, ed. Philadelphia, PA2011.\
269. Troy\'a0S,\'a0Muralidharan\'a0G,\'a0Micalizzi\'a0M,\'a0Mojaverian\'a0P,\'a0Salacinski\'a0L,\'a0Raible\'a0D.\'a0The effects of renal disease on the pharmacokinetics of tigecycline (GAR-936) (Abstract A-43).\'a0In:\'a0Proceedings of the 43rd Annual Meeting of the Interscience Conference on Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy.\'a02003\'a0Chicago, IL.\
270. Frampton\'a0J.E,\'a0Curran\'a0M.P.\'a0Tigecycline.\'a0Drugs.\'a02005;65(18):2623\'962635\'a0discussion 2636-2627.\
271. Muralidharan\'a0G,\'a0Fruncillo\'a0R.J,\'a0Micalizzi\'a0M,\'a0Raible\'a0D.G,\'a0Troy\'a0S.M.\'a0Effects of age and sex on single-dose pharmacokinetics of tigecycline in healthy subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(4):1656\'961659.\
272. Muralidharan\'a0G,\'a0Micalizzi\'a0M,\'a0Speth\'a0J,\'a0Raible\'a0D,\'a0Troy\'a0S.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of tigecycline after single and multiple doses in healthy subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(1):220\'96229.\
273. Rodvold\'a0K.A,\'a0Gotfried\'a0M.H,\'a0Cwik\'a0M,\'a0Korth-Bradley\'a0J.M,\'a0Dukart\'a0G,\'a0Ellis-Grosse\'a0E.J.\'a0Serum, tissue and body fluid concentrations of tigecycline after a single 100 mg dose.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(6):1221\'961229.\
274. Bhattacharya\'a0I,\'a0Gotfried\'a0M.H,\'a0Ji\'a0A.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Reassessment of tigecycline bone concentrations in volunteers undergoing elective orthopedic procedures.\'a0J Clin Pharmacol.\'a02014;54(1):70\'9674.\
275. Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetic considerations regarding tigecycline for multidrug-resistant (MDR) Klebsiella pneumoniae or MDR Acinetobacter baumannii urosepsis.\'a0J Clin Microbiol.\'a02009;47(5):1613.\
276. Livermore\'a0D.M.\'a0Tigecycline: what is it, and where should it be used?\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02005;56(4):611\'96614.\
277. Barbour\'a0A,\'a0Scaglione\'a0F,\'a0Derendorf\'a0H.\'a0Class-dependent relevance of tissue distribution in the interpretation of anti-infective pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic indices.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02010;35(5):431\'96438.\
278. Hoffmann\'a0M,\'a0DeMaio\'a0W,\'a0Jordan\'a0R.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Metabolism, excretion, and pharmacokinetics of [14C]tigecycline, a first-in-class glycylcycline antibiotic, after intravenous infusion to healthy male subjects.\'a0Drug Metab Dispos.\'a02007;35(9):1543\'961553.\
279. Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Kreiswirth\'a0B.N,\'a0Weiss\'a0K,\'a0Willey\'a0B.M.\'a0Activity of GAR-936 and other antimicrobial agents against North American isolates of Staphylococcus aureus.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02002;20(3):220\'96222.\
280. Goff\'a0D.A,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0Prevalence and regional variation in meticillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) in the USA and comparative in\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline, a glycylcycline antimicrobial.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02007;56(Pt 9):1189\'961193.\
281. Gales\'a0A.C,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R.\'a0Tigecycline activity tested against 11808 bacterial pathogens recently collected from US medical centers.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02008;60(4):421\'96427.\
282. Mendes\'a0R.E,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Deshpande\'a0L,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Antimicrobial activity of tigecycline against community-acquired methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates recovered from North American medical centers.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02008;60(4):433\'96436.\
283. Namdari\'a0H,\'a0Tan\'a0T.Y,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0Activity of tigecycline and comparators against skin and skin structure pathogens: global results of the Tigecycline evaluation and surveillance trial, 2004-2009.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02012;16(1):e60\'96e66.\
284. Borbone\'a0S,\'a0Lupo\'a0A,\'a0Mezzatesta\'a0M.L,\'a0Campanile\'a0F,\'a0Santagati\'a0M,\'a0Stefani\'a0S.\'a0Evaluation of the in\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline against multiresistant Gram-positive cocci containing tetracycline resistance determinants.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02008;31(3):209\'96215.\
285. Cercenado\'a0E,\'a0Cercenado\'a0S,\'a0Gomez\'a0J.A,\'a0Bouza\'a0E.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline (GAR-936), a novel glycylcycline, against vancomycin-resistant enterococci and staphylococci with diminished susceptibility to glycopeptides.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(1):138\'96139.\
286. Aznar\'a0J,\'a0Lepe\'a0J.A,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility among E. faecalis and E. faecium from France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the UK (T.E.S.T. Surveillance Study, 2004-2009).\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother (Florence, Italy).\'a02012;24(2):74\'9680.\
287. Lee do\'a0K,\'a0Kim\'a0Y,\'a0Park\'a0K.S,\'a0Yang\'a0J.W,\'a0Kim\'a0K,\'a0Ha\'a0N.J.\'a0Antimicrobial activity of mupirocin, daptomycin, linezolid, quinupristin/dalfopristin and tigecycline against vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) from clinical isolates in Korea (1998 and 2005).\'a0J Biochem Mol.\'a02007;40(6):881\'96887.\
288. Moet\'a0G.J,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Tigecycline (GAR-936) activity against Streptococcus gallolyticus (bovis) and viridans group streptococci.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02007;57(3):333\'96336.\
289. Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Stilwell\'a0M.G,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Potency and spectrum of tigecycline tested against an international collection of bacterial pathogens associated with skin and soft tissue infections (2000-2004).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):195\'96201.\
290. Hoban\'a0D.J,\'a0Bouchillon\'a0S.K,\'a0Johnson\'a0B.M,\'a0Johnson\'a0J.L,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline against 6792 gram-negative and gram-positive clinical isolates from the global tigecycline evaluation and surveillance trial (TEST program, 2004).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):215\'96227.\
291. Hoellman\'a0D.B,\'a0Pankuch\'a0G.A,\'a0Jacobs\'a0M.R,\'a0Appelbaum\'a0P.C.\'a0Antipneumococcal activities of GAR-936 (a new glycylcycline) compared to those of nine other agents against penicillin-susceptible and -resistant pneumococci.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(4):1085\'961088.\
292. Salas\'a0C,\'a0Calvo\'a0J,\'a0Martinez-Martinez\'a0L.\'a0Activity of tigecycline against Coryneform bacteria of clinical interest and Listeria monocytogenes.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(4):1503\'961505.\
293. Milatovic\'a0D,\'a0Schmitz\'a0F.J,\'a0Verhoef\'a0J,\'a0Fluit\'a0A.C.\'a0Activities of the glycylcycline tigecycline (GAR-936) against 1,924 recent European clinical bacterial isolates.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(1):400\'96404.\
294. Garcia\'a0C.P,\'a0Juliet\'a0L.C,\'a0Fernandez\'a0V.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Multicenter study on the monitoring of in\'a0vitro susceptibility to tigeeyeline in Santiago, Chile.\'a0Revista chilena de infectologia.\'a02009;26(3):220\'96226.\'a0Page 351.e5.\
295. Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Strabala\'a0P.A,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Activity of tigecycline tested against a global collection of Enterobacteriaceae, including tetracycline-resistant isolates.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):209\'96213.\
296. Nabuurs-Franssen\'a0M,\'a0Mouton\'a0J.W.\'a0Tigecycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:881\'96892.\
297. Bouchillon\'a0S.K,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J,\'a0Johnson\'a0B.M,\'a0Johnson\'a0J.L,\'a0Hsiung\'a0A,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline against 3989 gram-negative and gram-positive clinical isolates from the United States tigecycline evaluation and surveillance trial (TEST program; 2004).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):173\'96179.\
298. Castanheira\'a0M,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Deshpande\'a0L.M,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Antimicrobial activities of tigecycline and other broad-spectrum antimicrobials tested against serine carbapenemase- and metallo-beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae: report from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(2):570\'96573.\
299. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Karlowsky\'a0J.A,\'a0Rubinstein\'a0E,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J.\'a0Tigecycline: a novel glycylcycline antibiotic.\'a0Expert Rev Anti-infect Ther.\'a02006;4(1):9\'9625.\
300. Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Park\'a0C.H.\'a0Update on antimicrobial susceptibility rates among gram-negative and gram-positive organisms in the United States: results from the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) 2005 to 2007.\'a0Clinical Therapeutics.\'a02008;30(11):2040\'962050.\
301. Navon-Venezia\'a0S,\'a0Leavitt\'a0A,\'a0Carmeli\'a0Y.\'a0High tigecycline resistance in multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02007;59(4):772\'96774.\
Page 351.e1\
References\
1. Duggar\'a0B.M.\'a0Aureomycin: a product of the continuing search for new antibiotics.\'a0Ann NY Acad Sci.\'a01948;51(2):177\'96181.\
2. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Tetracycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:843\'96850.\
3. Sabundayo\'a0B.P,\'a0Standiford\'a0H.C.\'a0Tetracyclines and analogues.\'a0In:\'a0Yu\'a0V.L,\'a0Edwards\'a0G,\'a0McKinnon\'a0P.S,\'a0Peolquin\'a0C,\'a0Morse\'a0G.D,\'a0eds.\'a0Antimicrobial Therapy and Vaccines, 2nd Edition. Vol II: Antimicrobial Agents.\'a02nd ed.\'a0Pittsburgh, PA:\'a0ESun Technologies LLC;\'a02005:461\'96476.\
4. Levy\'a0S.B,\'a0FitzGerald\'a0G.B,\'a0Macone\'a0A.B.\'a0Changes in intestinal flora of farm personnel after introduction of a tetracycline-supplemented feed on a farm.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01976;295(11):583\'96588.\
5. DuPont\'a0H,\'a0Steele\'a0J.H.\'a0Use of antimicrobial agents in animal feeds: implications for human health.\'a0Rev of Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(3):447\'96460.\
6. Thaker\'a0M,\'a0Spanogiannopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0The tetracycline resistome.\'a0Cell Mol Life Sci.\'a02010;67(3):419\'96431.\
7. Perks\'a0W.H,\'a0Walters\'a0E.H,\'a0Tams\'a0I.P,\'a0Prowse\'a0K.\'a0Demeclocycline in the treatment of the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone.\'a0Thorax.\'a01979;34(3):324\'96327.\
8. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Roberts\'a0M.\'a0Tetracycline antibiotics: mode of action, applications, molecular biology, and epidemiology of bacterial resistance.\'a0MMBR.\'a02001;65(2):232\'96260.\
9. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hacker\'a0K.\'a0Inhibition of K88-mediated adhesion of Escherichia coli to mammalian receptors by antibiotics that affect bacterial protein synthesis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01986;18(4):441\'96451.\
10. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Doxycycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:851\'96869.\
11. Dahl\'a0E.L,\'a0Shock\'a0J.L,\'a0Shenai\'a0B.R,\'a0Gut\'a0J,\'a0DeRisi\'a0J.L,\'a0Rosenthal\'a0P.J.\'a0Tetracyclines specifically target the apicoplast of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(9):3124\'963131.\
12. Ribush\'a0N,\'a0Morgan\'a0T.\'a0Tetracyclines and renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01972;1(2):53\'9655.\
13. Kunin\'a0C.M.\'a0A guide to use of antibiotics in patients with renal disease. A table of recommended doses and factors governing serum levels.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01967;67(1):151\'96158.\
14. Heaney\'a0D,\'a0Eknoyan\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline and doxycycline kinetics in chronic renal failure.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01978;24(2):233\'96239.\
15. Whelton\'a0A,\'a0Schach von Wittenau\'a0M,\'a0Twomey\'a0T.M,\'a0Walker\'a0W.G,\'a0Bianchine\'a0J.R.\'a0Doxycycline pharmacokinetics in the absence of renal function.\'a0Kidney Int.\'a01974;5(5):365\'96371.\
16. Thiim\'a0M,\'a0Friedman\'a0L.S.\'a0Hepatotoxicity of antibiotics and antifungals.\'a0Clinics in Liver Disease.\'a02003;7(2):381\'96399\'a0vi-vii.\
17. Horrevorts\'a0A,\'a0Pluim\'a0M.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:870\'96880.\
18. Carney\'a0S,\'a0Butcher\'a0R.A,\'a0Dawborn\'a0J.K,\'a0Pattison\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline excretion and distribution in relation to renal function in man.\'a0Clin Exp Pharmacol.\'a01974;1(4):299\'96308.\
19. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Shaw\'a0W.R,\'a0Uman\'a0S.J,\'a0Tse\'a0F.L,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of minocycline in renal failure.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;8(5):532\'96537.\
20. Bernard\'a0B,\'a0Yin\'a0E.J,\'a0Simon\'a0H.J.\'a0Clinical pharmacologic studies with minocycline.\'a0The J Clin Pharmacol.\'a01971;11(5):332\'96348.\
21. George\'a0C.R,\'a0Guinness\'a0M.D,\'a0Lark\'a0D.J,\'a0Evans\'a0R.A.\'a0Minocycline toxicity in renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01973;1(13):640\'96641.\
22. Jonas\'a0M,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0Ther Drug Monit.\'a01982;4(2):137\'96145.\
23. Wood\'a0M.J,\'a0Farrell\'a0W,\'a0Kattan\'a0S,\'a0Williams\'a0J.D.\'a0Activity of minocycline and tetracycline against respiratory pathogens related to blood levels.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01975;1(3):323\'96331.\
24. Sklenar\'a0I,\'a0Spring\'a0P,\'a0Dettli\'a0L.\'a0One-dose and multiple-dose kinetics of minocycline in patients with renal disease.\'a0Agents and Actions.\'a01977;7(3):369\'96377.\
25. Smith\'a0C,\'a0Woods\'a0C.G,\'a0Woods\'a0M.J.\'a0Absorption of minocycline.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01984;13(1):93.\
26. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Koch\'a0P.A,\'a0Lau\'a0C.C,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Bioavailability of tetracycline and doxycycline in fasted and nonfasted subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(3):462\'96469.\
27. Neuvonen\'a0P.J.\'a0Interactions with the absorption of tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a01976;11(1):45\'9654.\
28. Agwuh\'a0K.N,\'a0MacGowan\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of the tetracyclines including glycylcyclines.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(2):256\'96265.\
29. Fabre\'a0J,\'a0Milek\'a0E,\'a0Kalfopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Merier\'a0G.\'a0[Kinetics of tetracyclines in human. II. Excretion, penetration into normal and inflammed tissues, behavior in a case of renal insufficiency and in hemodialysis].\'a0Schweiz Med Wochenschr.\'a01971;101(18):625\'96633.\
30. Macdonald\'a0H,\'a0Kelly\'a0R.G,\'a0Allen\'a0E.S,\'a0Noble\'a0J.F,\'a0Kanegis\'a0L.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetic studies on minocycline in man.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01973;14(5):852\'96861.\
31. Lundberg\'a0C,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentration of penicillin V and tetracycline in maxillary sinus secretion after repeated doses.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(2):123\'96133.\
32. Ruhen\'a0R.W,\'a0Tandon\'a0M.K.\'a0Comparative effectiveness of tetracycline, minocycline and doxycycline in treatment of acute-on-chronic bronchitis. A study based on sputum levels.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01976;1(6):151\'96153.\
33. Chow\'a0A.W,\'a0Jewesson\'a0P.J.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and safety of antimicrobial agents during pregnancy.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01985;7(3):287\'96313.\
34. Alestig\'a0K.\'a0Studies on doxycycline during intravenous and oral treatment with reference to renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(3):193\'96198.\
35. Andersson\'a0K.E,\'a0Mardh\'a0P.A,\'a0Akerlund\'a0M.\'a0Passage of doxycycline into extracellular fluid.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):7\'9611.\
36. Eliasson\'a0R,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentrations of doxycycline in human seminal plasma.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):32\'9636.\
37. Lode\'a0H.\'a0Penetration of antibiotics into the pleural fluid.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01979;5(2):122\'96124.\
38. Schreiner\'a0A,\'a0Digranes\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of lymecycline and doxycycline in serum and suction blister fluid.\'a0Chemotherapy.\'a01985;31(4):261\'96265.\
39. Marlin\'a0G.E,\'a0Cheng\'a0S,\'a0Thompson\'a0P.J.\'a0Sputum and plasma doxycycline concentrations after a single oral 600 mg doxycycline dose in patients with chronic bronchitis.\'a0Eur J Respir Dis.\'a01981;62(4):276\'96280.\
40. Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0The detection of doxycycline activity in human bone.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):47\'9653.\
41. Gnarpe\'a0H,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Hagg\'a0O.\'a0Doxycycline concentration levels in bone, soft tissue and serum after intravenous infusion of doxycycline. A clinical study.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):54\'9657.\
42. Bystedt\'a0H,\'a0A\'a0D.A,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E.\'a0Concentrations of azidocillin, erythromycin, doxycycline and clindamycin in human mandibular bone.\'a0Int J Oral Surg.\'a01978;7(5):442\'96449.\
43. Dotevall\'a0L,\'a0Hagberg\'a0L.\'a0Penetration of doxycycline into cerebrospinal fluid in patients treated for suspected Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(7):1078\'961080.\
44. Yim\'a0C.W,\'a0Flynn\'a0N.M,\'a0Fitzgerald\'a0F.T.\'a0Penetration of oral doxycycline into the cerebrospinal fluid of patients with latent or neurosyphilis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01985;28(2):347\'96348.\
45. Nikaido\'a0H,\'a0Thanassi\'a0D.G.\'a0Penetration of lipophilic agents with multiple protonation sites into bacterial cells: tetracyclines and fluoroquinolones as examples.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01993;37(7):1393\'961399.\
46. Bergogne-Berezin\'a0E,\'a0Lambert-Zechovsky\'a0N,\'a0Morel\'a0C.\'a0[Pharmacokinetics of antibiotics in bronchial secretions. 250 cases].\'a0La Nouvelle Presse Medicale.\'a01977;6(38):3548.\
47. Hensle\'a0T.W,\'a0Prout\'a0GR.\'a0J.r,\'a0Griffin\'a0P.\'a0Minocycline diffusion into benign prostatic hyperplasia.\'a0The Journal of Urology.\'a01977;118(4):609\'96611.\
48. Hoeprich\'a0P.D,\'a0Warshauer\'a0D.M.\'a0Entry of four tetracyclines into saliva and tears.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01974;5(3):330\'96336.\
49. Steigbigel\'a0N.H,\'a0Reed\'a0C.W,\'a0Finland\'a0M.\'a0Absorption and excretion of five tetracycline analogues in normal young men.\'a0The American Journal of the Medical Sciences.\'a01968;255:296\'96312.\
50. Mahon\'a0W.A,\'a0Johnson\'a0G.E,\'a0Endrenyl\'a0L,\'a0Kelly\'a0M.F,\'a0Fenton\'a0S.S.\'a0The elimination of tritiated doxycycline in normal subjects and in patients with severely impaired renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):24\'9631.\
51. Saivin\'a0S,\'a0Houin\'a0G.\'a0Clinical pharmacokinetics of doxycycline and minocycline.\'a0Clin Pharmacokinet.\'a01988;15(6):355\'96366.\
52. CLSI, .\'a0Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; Thirty-Second Informational Supplement.\'a0Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute;\'a02022.\
53. Diekema\'a0D.J,\'a0Pfaller\'a0M.A,\'a0Schmitz\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Survey of infections due to Staphylococcus species: frequency of occurrence and antimicrobial susceptibility of isolates collected in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, and the Western Pacific Region for the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997\'961999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):114\'96132.\
54. Holmes\'a0R.L,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0J.H.\'a0Inhibitory activities of 11 antimicrobial agents and bactericidal activities of vancomycin and daptomycin against invasive methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates obtained from 1999 through 2006.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(2):757\'96760.\
55. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Palatnick\'a0L,\'a0Nichol\'a0K.A,\'a0Bellyou\'a0T,\'a0Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance in respiratory tract Streptococcus pneumoniae isolates: results of the Canadian Respiratory Organism Susceptibility Study, 1997 to 2002.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(6):1867\'961874.\
56. Koeth\'a0L.M,\'a0Felmingham\'a0D,\'a0Jacobs\'a0M.R,\'a0Rossi\'a0F.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae in Sao Paulo, Brazil from 1996 to 2000.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):356\'96361.\
57. Jones\'a0R.N,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R.\'a0Doxycycline use for community-acquired pneumonia: contemporary in\'a0vitro spectrum of activity against Streptococcus pneumoniae (1999-2002).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02004;49(2):147\'96149.\
58. Wimmerstedt\'a0A,\'a0Kahlmeter\'a0G.\'a0Associated antimicrobial resistance in Escherichia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus pyogenes.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02008;14(4):315\'96321.\
59. Persson\'a0E,\'a0Berg\'a0S,\'a0Bergseng\'a0H,\'a0Bergh\'a0K,\'a0Valso-Lyng\'a0R,\'a0Trollfors\'a0B.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of invasive group B streptococcal isolates from south-west Sweden 1988-2001.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02008;40(4):308\'96313.\
60. Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Keller\'a0N,\'a0Barth\'a0A,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Clinical prevalence, antimicrobial susceptibility, and geographic resistance patterns of enterococci: results from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997-1999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):S133\'96S145.\
61. Holmberg\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0Antimicrobial in\'a0vitro susceptibility of Actinomyces israelii and Arachnia propionica.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01977;9(1):40\'9645.\
62. Vitas\'a0A.I,\'a0Sanchez\'a0R.M,\'a0Aguado\'a0V,\'a0Garcia-Jalon\'a0I.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of Listeria monocytogenes isolated from food and clinical cases in Navarra, Spain.\'a0J Food Prot.\'a02007;70(10):2402\'962406.\
63. Mohammed\'a0M.J,\'a0Marston\'a0C.K,\'a0Popovic\'a0T,\'a0Weyant\'a0R.S,\'a0Tenover\'a0F.C.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Bacillus anthracis: comparison of results obtained by using the National Committee for Clinical Laboratory Standards broth microdilution reference and Etest agar gradient diffusion methods.\'a0J Clin Microbiol.\'a02002;40(6):1902\'961907.\
64. Frean\'a0J,\'a0Klugman\'a0K.P,\'a0Arntzen\'a0L,\'a0Bukofzer\'a0S.\'a0Susceptibility of Bacillus anthracis to eleven antimicrobial agents including novel fluoroquinolones and a ketolide.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(2):297\'96299.\
65. Hernandez\'a0E,\'a0Girardet\'a0M,\'a0Ramisse\'a0F,\'a0Vidal\'a0D,\'a0Cavallo\'a0J.D.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibilities of 94 isolates of Yersinia pestis to 24 antimicrobial agents.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(6):1029\'961031.\
66. Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Vinh\'a0D.X,\'a0Nguyen\'a0T.T,\'a0Wain\'a0J,\'a0Thung\'a0D,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibilities of strains of Yersinia pestis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(9):2153\'962154.\
67. Schonberg-Norio\'a0D,\'a0Hanninen\'a0M.L,\'a0Katila\'a0M.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Activities of telithromycin, erythromycin, fluoroquinolones, and doxycycline against Campylobacter strains isolated from Finnish subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(3):1086\'961088.\
68. Morris\'a0Jr.\'a0J.G.\'a0Black RE. Cholera and other vibrioses in the United States.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01985;312(6):343\'96350.\
69. Ottaviani\'a0D,\'a0Bacchiocchi\'a0I,\'a0Masini\'a0L,\'a0et al.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of potentially pathogenic halophilic vibrios isolated from seafood.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;18(2):135\'96140.\
70. Midani\'a0S,\'a0Rathore\'a0M.H.\'a0Vibrio species infection of a catfish spine puncture wound.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01994;13(4):333\'96334.\
71. Fernandez-Cuenca\'a0F,\'a0Tomas-Carmona\'a0M,\'a0Caballero-Moyano\'a0F,\'a0et al.\'a0[In vitro activity of 18 antimicrobial agents against clinical isolates of Acinetobacter spp.: multicenter national study GEIH-REIPI-Ab 2010.].\'a0Enferm Infecc Microbiol Clin.\'a02012.\
72. Jenney\'a0A.W,\'a0Lum\'a0G,\'a0Fisher\'a0D.A,\'a0Currie\'a0B.J.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibility of Burkholderia pseudomallei from tropical northern Australia and implications for therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;17(2):109\'96113.\
73. Nicodemo\'a0A.C,\'a0Araujo\'a0M.R,\'a0Ruiz\'a0A.S,\'a0Gales\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia isolates: comparison of disc diffusion, Etest and agar dilution methods.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02004;53(4):604\'96608.\
74. Janda\'a0J.M,\'a0Guthertz\'a0L.S,\'a0Kokka\'a0R.P,\'a0Shimada\'a0T.\'a0Aeromonas species in septicemia: laboratory characteristics and clinical observations.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01994;19(1):77\'9683.\
75. Flamm\'a0R.K,\'a0Castanheira\'a0M,\'a0Streit\'a0J.M,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Minocycline activity tested against Acinetobacter baumannii complex, Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, and Burkholderia cepacia species complex isolates from a global surveillance program (2013).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02016;85(3):352\'96355.\
76. Li\'a0X.Z,\'a0Livermore\'a0D.M,\'a0Nikaido\'a0H.\'a0Role of efflux pump(s) in intrinsic resistance of Pseudomonas aeruginosa: resistance to tetracycline, chloramphenicol, and norfloxacin.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(8):1732\'961741.\'a0Page 351.e2.\
77. Schaumann\'a0R,\'a0Ackermann\'a0G,\'a0Pless\'a0B,\'a0Claros\'a0M.C,\'a0Goldstein\'a0E.J,\'a0Rodloff\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of fourteen antimicrobial agents against obligately anaerobic bacteria.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(3):225\'96232.\
78. Baykam\'a0N,\'a0Esener\'a0H,\'a0Ergonul\'a0O,\'a0Eren\'a0S,\'a0Celikbas\'a0A.K,\'a0Dokuzoguz\'a0B.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibility of Brucella species.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):405\'96407.\
79. Dorbecker\'a0C,\'a0Sander\'a0A,\'a0Oberle\'a0K,\'a0Schulin-Casonato\'a0T.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Bartonella species to 17 antimicrobial compounds: comparison of Etest and agar dilution.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(4):784\'96788.\
80. Bebear\'a0C,\'a0Pereyre\'a0S,\'a0Peuchant\'a0O.\'a0Mycoplasma pneumoniae: susceptibility and resistance to antibiotics.\'a0Future Microbiology.\'a02011;6(4):423\'96431.\
81. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Bryskier\'a0A,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0Comparative activities of telithromycin (HMR 3647), levofloxacin, and other antimicrobial agents against human mycoplasmas.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(7):1980\'961982.\
82. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Charron\'a0A,\'a0Gruson\'a0D,\'a0Lefrancois\'a0M,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of trovafloxacin compared to those of five antimicrobials against mycoplasmas including Mycoplasma hominis and Ureaplasma urealyticum fluoroquinolone-resistant isolates that have been genetically characterized.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(9):2557\'962560.\
83. Schulin\'a0T,\'a0Wennersten\'a0C.B,\'a0Ferraro\'a0M.J,\'a0Moellering\'a0Jr.\'a0R.C,\'a0Eliopoulos\'a0G.M.\'a0Susceptibilities of Legionella spp. to newer antimicrobials in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01998;42(6):1520\'961523.\
84. Critchley\'a0I.A,\'a0Jones\'a0M.E,\'a0Heinze\'a0P.D,\'a0et al.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of levofloxacin against contemporary clinical isolates of Legionella pneumophila, Mycoplasma pneumoniae and Chlamydia pneumoniae from North America and Europe.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02002;8(4):214\'96221.\
85. Roblin\'a0P.M,\'a0Hammerschlag\'a0M.R.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of GAR-936 against Chlamydia pneumoniae and Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(1):61\'9663.\
86. Butaye\'a0P,\'a0Ducatelle\'a0R,\'a0De Backer\'a0P,\'a0Vermeersch\'a0H,\'a0Remon\'a0J.P,\'a0Haesebrouck\'a0F.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of doxycycline and enrofloxacin against European Chlamydia psittaci strains from turkeys.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01997;41(12):2800\'962801.\
87. Samra\'a0Z,\'a0Rosenberg\'a0S,\'a0Soffer\'a0Y,\'a0Dan\'a0M.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of recent clinical isolates of Chlamydia trachomatis to macrolides and tetracyclines.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02001;39(3):177\'96179.\
88. Wormser\'a0G.P,\'a0Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Dattwyler\'a0R.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Practice guidelines for the treatment of Lyme disease. The infectious diseases society of America.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02000;31(Suppl 1):1\'9614.\
89. Ates\'a0L,\'a0Hanssen-Hubner\'a0C,\'a0Norris\'a0D.E,\'a0Richter\'a0D,\'a0Kraiczy\'a0P,\'a0Hunfeld\'a0K.P.\'a0Comparison of in\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline, doxycycline, and tetracycline against the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi.\'a0Ticks Tick Borne Dis.\'a02010;1(1):30\'9634.\
90. Murray\'a0C.K,\'a0Ellis\'a0M.W,\'a0Hospenthal\'a0D.R.\'a0Susceptibility of Leptospira serovars to antimalarial agents.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02004;71(5):685\'96686.\
91. Norris\'a0S.J,\'a0Edmondson\'a0D.G.\'a0In\'a0vitro culture system to determine MICs and MBCs of antimicrobial agents against Treponema pallidum subsp. pallidum (Nichols strain).\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01988;32(1):68\'9674.\
92. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Roussellier\'a0P,\'a0Vestris\'a0G,\'a0Tamalet\'a0J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antibiotic susceptibility of Rickettsia rickettsii and Rickettsia conorii: plaque assay and microplaque colorimetric assay.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01987;155(5):1059\'961062.\
93. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Drancourt\'a0M.\'a0Antimicrobial therapy of rickettsial diseases.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01991;35(12):2457\'962462.\
94. Branger\'a0S,\'a0Rolain\'a0J.M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Evaluation of antibiotic susceptibilities of Ehrlichia canis, Ehrlichia chaffeensis, and Anaplasma phagocytophilum by real-time PCR.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02004;48(12):4822\'964828.\
95. Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J.\'a0Clinical and taxonomic status of pathogenic nonpigmented or late-pigmenting rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a02002;15(4):716\'96746.\
96. Uslan\'a0D.Z,\'a0Kowalski\'a0T.J,\'a0Wengenack\'a0N.L,\'a0Virk\'a0A,\'a0Wilson\'a0J.W.\'a0Skin and soft tissue infections due to rapidly growing mycobacteria: comparison of clinical features, treatment, and susceptibility.\'a0Archives of Dermatology.\'a02006;142(10):1287\'961292.\
97. Wallace\'a0R.J,\'a0Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Crist\'a0C.J,\'a0Mann\'a0L,\'a0Wilson\'a0R.W.\'a0Comparison of the in\'a0vitro activity of the glycylcycline tigecycline (Formerly GAR-936) with those of tetracycline, minocycline, and doxycycline against isolates of nontuberculous mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02002;46(10):3164\'963167.\
98. Rhomberg\'a0P.R,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of 11 antimicrobial agents, including gatifloxacin and GAR936, tested against clinical isolates of Mycobacterium marinum.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02002;42(2):145\'96147.\
99. da Silva Telles\'a0M.A,\'a0Chimara\'a0E,\'a0Ferrazoli\'a0L,\'a0Riley\'a0L.W.\'a0Mycobacterium kansasii: antibiotic susceptibility and PCR-restriction analysis of clinical isolates.\'a0J Med Microbiol.\'a02005;54(Pt 10):975\'96979.\
100. Balabanova\'a0Y,\'a0Ruddy\'a0M,\'a0Hubb\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in Russia: clinical characteristics, analysis of second-line drug resistance and development of standardized therapy.\'a0Eur J Clin Microbiol.\'a02005;24(2):136\'96139.\
101. Walker\'a0N.F,\'a0Clark\'a0S.O,\'a0Oni\'a0T,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline and HIV infection suppress tuberculosis-induced matrix metalloproteinases.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02012;185(9):989\'96997.\
102. Brown\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J,\'a0Onyi\'a0G.\'a0Activities of the glycylcyclines N,N-dimethylglycylamido-minocycline and N,N-dimethylglycylamido-6-demethyl-6-deoxytetracycline against Nocardia spp. and tetracycline-resistant isolates of rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01996;40(4):874\'96878.\
103. Cercenado\'a0E,\'a0Marin\'a0M,\'a0Sanchez-Martinez\'a0M,\'a0Cuevas\'a0O,\'a0Martinez-Alarcon\'a0J,\'a0Bouza\'a0E.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline and eight other antimicrobials against different Nocardia species identified by molecular methods.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02007;51(3):1102\'961104.\
104. Chang\'a0H.R,\'a0Comte\'a0R,\'a0Pechere\'a0J.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro and in\'a0vivo effects of doxycycline on Toxoplasma gondii.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01990;34(5):775\'96780.\
105. Edlind\'a0T.D.\'a0Tetracyclines as antiparasitic agents: lipophilic derivatives are highly active against Giardia lamblia in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(12):2144\'962145.\
106. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hawkey\'a0P.M,\'a0Hinton\'a0M.\'a0Tetracyclines, molecular and clinical aspects.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01992;29(3):245\'96277.\
107. Metlay\'a0J.P,\'a0Waterer\'a0G.W,\'a0Long\'a0A.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Diagnosis and treatment of adults with community-acquired pneumonia. An official clinical practice guideline of the American Thoracic Society and Infectious Diseases Society of America.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02019;200(7):e45\'96e67.\
108. Choi\'a0S.H,\'a0Cesar\'a0A,\'a0Snow\'a0T.A.C,\'a0Saleem\'a0N,\'a0Arulkumaran\'a0N,\'a0Singer\'a0M.\'a0Efficacy of doxycycline for mild-to-moderate community-acquired pneumonia in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02022.\
109. Klein\'a0N.C,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Treatment of legionnaires\'92 disease.\'a0Semin Respir Infect.\'a01998;13(2):140\'96146.\
110. Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0The atypical pneumonias: clinical diagnosis and importance.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02006;12(Suppl 3):12\'9624.\
111. Shames\'a0J.M,\'a0George\'a0R.B,\'a0Holliday\'a0W.B,\'a0Rasch\'a0J.R,\'a0Mogabgab\'a0W.J.\'a0Comparison of antibiotics in the treatment of mycoplasmal pneumonia.\'a0Arch Intern Med.\'a01970;125(4):680\'96684.\
112. Jawetz\'a0E.\'a0Chemotherapy of chlamydial infections.\'a0Adv Pharmacol Chemother.\'a01969;7:253\'96282.\
113. Yung\'a0A.P,\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L.\'a0Psittacosis--a review of 135 cases.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01988;148(5):228\'96233.\
114. Khatib\'a0R,\'a0Thirumoorthi\'a0M.C,\'a0Kelly\'a0B,\'a0Grady\'a0K.J.\'a0Severe psittacosis during pregnancy and suppression of antibody response with early therapy.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01995;27(5):519\'96521.\
115. Lindenbaum\'a0J,\'a0Greenough\'a0W.B,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Antibiotic therapy of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01967;36(6):871\'96883.\
116. McCormack\'a0W.M,\'a0Chowdhury\'a0A.M,\'a0Jahangir\'a0N,\'a0Ahmed\'a0A.B,\'a0Mosley\'a0W.H.\'a0Tetracycline prophylaxis in families of cholera patients.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01968;38(5):787\'96792.\
117. Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Single dose tetracycline in cholera.\'a0Gut.\'a01987;28(8):1029\'961032.\
118. Rabbani\'a0G.H,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R,\'a0Butler\'a0T,\'a0Shahrier\'a0M,\'a0Alam\'a0K.\'a0Single-dose treatment of cholera with furazolidone or tetracycline in a double-blind randomized trial.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(9):1447\'961450.\
119. De\'a0S,\'a0Chaudhuri\'a0A,\'a0Dutta\'a0P,\'a0Dutta\'a0D,\'a0De\'a0S.P,\'a0Pal\'a0S.C.\'a0Doxycycline in the treatment of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01976;54(2):177\'96179.\
120. Yamamoto\'a0T,\'a0Nair\'a0G.B,\'a0Albert\'a0M.J,\'a0Parodi\'a0C.C,\'a0Takeda\'a0Y.\'a0Survey of in\'a0vitro susceptibilities of Vibrio cholerae O1 and O139 to antimicrobial agents.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(1):241\'96244.\
121. Gisbert\'a0J.P,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Gomollon\'a0F,\'a0Sainz\'a0R.\'a0[Treatment for the eradication of Helicobacter pylori. Recommendations of the Spanish consensus conference].\'a0Medicina Clinica.\'a02000;114(5):185\'96195.\
122. Gene\'a0E,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Azagra\'a0R,\'a0Gisbert\'a0J.P.\'a0Triple vs. quadruple therapy for treating Helicobacter pylori infection: a meta-analysis.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02003;17(9):1137\'961143.\
123. Cammarota\'a0G,\'a0Martino\'a0A,\'a0Pirozzi\'a0G,\'a0et al.\'a0High efficacy of 1-week doxycycline- and amoxicillin-based quadruple regimen in a culture-guided, third-line treatment approach for Helicobacter pylori infection.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02004;19(7):789\'96795.\
124. Sack\'a0D.A,\'a0Kaminsky\'a0D.C,\'a0Sack\'a0R.B,\'a0et al.\'a0Prophylactic doxycycline for travelers\'92 diarrhea. Results of a prospective double-blind study of Peace Corps volunteers in Kenya.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01978;298(14):758\'96763.\
125. Doernberg\'a0S.B,\'a0Winston\'a0L.G,\'a0Deck\'a0D.H,\'a0Chambers\'a0H.F.\'a0Does doxycycline protect against development of Clostridium difficile infection?\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02012;55(5):615\'96620.\
126. Baxter\'a0R,\'a0Ray\'a0G.T,\'a0Fireman\'a0B.H.\'a0Case-control study of antibiotic use and subsequent Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea in hospitalized patients.\'a0Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol.\'a02008;29(1):44\'9650.\
127. Tariq\'a0R,\'a0Cho\'a0J,\'a0Kapoor\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0Low risk of primary Clostridium difficile infection with tetracyclines: a systematic review and Metaanalysis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02018;66(4):514\'96522.\
128. Workowski\'a0K.A,\'a0Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Chan\'a0P.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021.\'a0MMWR Recommendations and Reports.\'a02021;70(4):1\'96187.\
129. Lau\'a0C.Y,\'a0Qureshi\'a0A.K.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for genital chlamydial infections: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a02002;29(9):497\'96502.\
130. Geisler\'a0W.M,\'a0Uniyal\'a0A,\'a0Lee\'a0J.Y,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for urogenital Chlamydia trachomatis infection.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02015;373(26):2512\'962521.\
131. Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Stephens\'a0J,\'a0Richey\'a0C.M,\'a0Hook\'a0E.W.\'a03rd. Measured versus self-reported compliance with doxycycline therapy for chlamydia-associated syndromes: high therapeutic success rates despite poor compliance.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a01999;26(5):272\'96278.\
132. Lau\'a0A,\'a0Kong\'a0F.Y.S,\'a0Fairley\'a0C.K,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin or doxycycline for asymptomatic rectal Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02021;384(25):2418\'962427.\
133. Dombrowski\'a0J.C,\'a0Wierzbicki\'a0M.R,\'a0Newman\'a0L.M,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of Rectal Chlamydia in men who have sex with men: a randomized controlled trial.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02021;73(5):824\'96831.\
134. Peuchant\'a0O,\'a0Lhomme\'a0E,\'a0Martinet\'a0P,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of anorectal Chlamydia trachomatis infection in women concurrent with vaginal infection (CHLAZIDOXY study): a multicentre, open-label, randomised, controlled, superiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02022;22(8):1221\'961230.\
135. Taylor-Robinson\'a0D,\'a0Furr\'a0P.M.\'a0Clinical antibiotic resistance of Ureaplasma urealyticum.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01986;5(6 Suppl):S335\'96S337.\
136. Wikstrom\'a0A,\'a0Jensen\'a0J.S.\'a0Mycoplasma genitalium: a common cause of persistent urethritis among men treated with doxycycline.\'a0Sex Transm. Infect.\'a02006;82(4):276\'96279.\
137. Bjornelius\'a0E,\'a0Anagrius\'a0C,\'a0Bojs\'a0G,\'a0et al.\'a0Antibiotic treatment of symptomatic Mycoplasma genitalium infection in Scandinavia: a controlled clinical trial.\'a0Sex Transm Infect.\'a02008;84(1):72\'9676.\
138. Orellana\'a0M.A,\'a0Gomez-Lus\'a0M.L.\'a0Which is the best empirical treatment in patients with urethritis?\'a0Rev Esp Quim.\'a02011;24(3):136\'96142.\
139. Newman\'a0L.M,\'a0Moran\'a0J.S,\'a0Workowski\'a0K.A.\'a0Update on the management of gonorrhea in adults in the United States.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02007;44(Suppl 3):S84\'96S101.\
140. Bolan\'a0R.K,\'a0Beymer\'a0M.R,\'a0Weiss\'a0R.E,\'a0Flynn\'a0R.P,\'a0Leibowitz\'a0A.A,\'a0Klausner\'a0J.D.\'a0Doxycycline prophylaxis to reduce incident syphilis among HIV-infected men who have sex with men who continue to engage in high-risk sex: a randomized, controlled pilot study.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a02015;42(2):98\'96103.\
141. Molina\'a0J.M,\'a0Charreau\'a0I,\'a0Chidiac\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0Post-exposure prophylaxis with doxycycline to prevent sexually transmitted infections in men who have sex with men: an open-label randomised substudy of the ANRS IPERGAY trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02018;18(3):308\'96317.\
142. Luetkemeyer\'a0A.F,\'a0Donnell\'a0D,\'a0Dombrowski\'a0J.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Postexposure doxycycline to prevent bacterial sexually transmitted infections.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02023;388(14):1296\'961306.\
143. Greaves\'a0A.B,\'a0Hilleman\'a0M.R,\'a0Taggart\'a0S.R,\'a0Bankhead\'a0A.B,\'a0Feld\'a0M.\'a0Chemotherapy in bubonic lymphogranuloma venereum: a clinical and serological evaluation.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01957;16(2):277\'96289.\
144. Ness\'a0R.B,\'a0Soper\'a0D.E,\'a0Holley\'a0R.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Effectiveness of inpatient and outpatient treatment strategies for women with pelvic inflammatory disease: results from the Pelvic Inflammatory Disease Evaluation and Clinical Health (PEACH) Randomized Trial.\'a0Am J Obstet Gynecol.\'a02002;186(5):929\'96937.\
145. Lantos\'a0P.M,\'a0Rumbaugh\'a0J,\'a0Bockenstedt\'a0L.K,\'a0et al.\'a0Clinical practice guidelines by the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA), American Academy of Neurology (AAN), and American College of Rheumatology (ACR): 2020 guidelines for the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of Lyme disease.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02021;72(1):1\'968.\'a0Page 351.e3.\
146. Stupica\'a0D,\'a0Collinet-Adler\'a0S,\'a0Blagus\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of erythema migrans with doxycycline for 7 days versus 14 days in Slovenia: a randomised open-label non-inferiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02022.\
147. Steere\'a0A.C,\'a0Levin\'a0R.E,\'a0Molloy\'a0P.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of Lyme arthritis.\'a0Arthritis Rheumatol.\'a01994;37(6):878\'96888.\
148. Karlsson\'a0M,\'a0Hammers-Berggren\'a0S,\'a0Lindquist\'a0L,\'a0Stiernstedt\'a0G,\'a0Svenungsson\'a0B.\'a0Comparison of intravenous penicillin G and oral doxycycline for treatment of Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Neurology.\'a01994;44(7):1203\'961207.\
149. Lj\'f8stad\'a0U,\'a0Skogvoll\'a0E,\'a0Eikeland\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Oral doxycycline versus intravenous ceftriaxone for European Lyme neuroborreliosis: a multicentre, non-inferiority, double-blind, randomised trial.\'a0Lancet Neurol.\'a02008;7(8):690\'96695.\
150. Bremell\'a0D,\'a0Dotevall\'a0L.\'a0Oral doxycycline for Lyme neuroborreliosis with symptoms of encephalitis, myelitis, vasculitis or intracranial hypertension.\'a0Eur Neurol.\'a02014;21(9):1162\'961167.\
151. Berende\'a0A,\'a0ter Hofstede\'a0H.J,\'a0Vos\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Randomized trial of longer-term therapy for symptoms attributed to Lyme disease.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02016;374(13):1209\'961220.\
152. Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Nowakowski\'a0J,\'a0Fish\'a0D,\'a0et al.\'a0Prophylaxis with single-dose doxycycline for the prevention of Lyme disease after an Ixodes scapularis tick bite.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02001;345(2):79\'9684.\
153. Perine\'a0P.L,\'a0Teklu\'a0B.\'a0Antibiotic treatment of louse-borne relapsing fever in Ethiopia: a report of 377 cases.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a01983;32(5):1096\'961100.\
154. Zenker\'a0P.N,\'a0Rolfs\'a0R.T.\'a0Treatment of syphilis, 1989.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01990;12(Suppl 6):S590\'96S609.\
155. Ghanem\'a0K.G,\'a0Erbelding\'a0E.J,\'a0Cheng\'a0W.W,\'a0Rompalo\'a0A.M.\'a0Doxycycline compared with benzathine penicillin for the treatment of early syphilis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02006;42(6):e45\'96e49.\
156. Psomas\'a0K.C,\'a0Brun\'a0M,\'a0Causse\'a0A,\'a0Atoui\'a0N,\'a0Reynes\'a0J,\'a0Le Moing\'a0V.\'a0Efficacy of ceftriaxone and doxycycline in the treatment of early syphilis.\'a0Med Mal Infect.\'a02012;42(1):15\'9619.\
157. Kang-Birken\'a0S.L,\'a0Castel\'a0U,\'a0Prichard\'a0J.G.\'a0Oral doxycycline for treatment of neurosyphilis in two patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02010;30(4):119e\'96122e.\
158. Girometti\'a0N,\'a0Junejo\'a0M.H,\'a0Nugent\'a0D,\'a0McOwan\'a0A,\'a0Whitlock\'a0G.\'a0Clinical and serological outcomes in patients treated with oral doxycycline for early neurosyphilis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02021;76(7):1916\'961919.\
159. De\'a0M.A,\'a0Solaro\'a0C,\'a0Abbruzzese\'a0M,\'a0Primavera\'a0A.\'a0Minocycline for symptomatic neurosyphilis in patients allergic to penicillin.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01997;337(18):1322\'961323.\
160. Farnsworth\'a0N,\'a0Rosen\'a0T.\'a0Endemic treponematosis: review and update.\'a0Clinics in Dermatology.\'a02006;24(3):181\'96190.\
161. Suputtamongkol\'a0Y,\'a0Niwattayakul\'a0K,\'a0Suttinont\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0An open, randomized, controlled trial of penicillin, doxycycline, and cefotaxime for patients with severe leptospirosis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02004;39(10):1417\'961424.\
162. Brett-Major\'a0D.M,\'a0Lipnick\'a0R.J.\'a0Antibiotic prophylaxis for leptospirosis.\'a0Cochrane Database Syst Rev.\'a02009(3):Cd007342.\
163. Griffith\'a0K.S,\'a0Lewis\'a0L.S,\'a0Mali\'a0S,\'a0Parise\'a0M.E.\'a0Treatment of malaria in the United States: a systematic review.\'a0JAMA.\'a02007;297(20):2264\'962277.\
164. Pukrittayakamee\'a0S,\'a0Clemens\'a0R,\'a0Chantra\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Therapeutic responses to antibacterial drugs in vivax malaria.\'a0Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg.\'a02001;95(5):524\'96528.\
165. Ohrt\'a0C,\'a0Richie\'a0T.L,\'a0Widjaja\'a0H,\'a0et al.\'a0Mefloquine compared with doxycycline for the prophylaxis of malaria in Indonesian soldiers. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01997;126(12):963\'96972.\
166. Sonmez\'a0A,\'a0Harlak\'a0A,\'a0Kilic\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0The efficacy and tolerability of doxycycline and mefloquine in malaria prophylaxis of the ISAF troops in Afghanistan.\'a0J Infect Res.\'a02005;51(3):253\'96258.\
167. Rieckmann\'a0K.H,\'a0Yeo\'a0A.E,\'a0Davis\'a0D.R,\'a0Hutton\'a0D.C,\'a0Wheatley\'a0P.F,\'a0Simpson\'a0R.\'a0Recent military experience with malaria chemoprophylaxis.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01993;158(7):446\'96449.\
168. Pang\'a0L.W,\'a0Limsomwong\'a0N,\'a0Boudreau\'a0E.F,\'a0Singharaj\'a0P.\'a0Doxycycline prophylaxis for falciparum malaria.\'a0Lancet.\'a01987;1(8543):1161\'961164.\
169. Pang\'a0L,\'a0Limsomwong\'a0N,\'a0Singharaj\'a0P.\'a0Prophylactic treatment of vivax and falciparum malaria with low-dose doxycycline.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01988;158(5):1124\'961127.\
170. Shmuklarsky\'a0M.J,\'a0Boudreau\'a0E.F,\'a0Pang\'a0L.W,\'a0et al.\'a0Failure of doxycycline as a causal prophylactic agent against Plasmodium falciparum malaria in healthy nonimmune volunteers.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01994;120(4):294\'96299.\
171. Tan\'a0K.R,\'a0Magill\'a0A.J,\'a0Parise\'a0M.E,\'a0Arguin\'a0P.M.\'a0Doxycycline for malaria chemoprophylaxis and treatment: report from the CDC expert meeting on malaria chemoprophylaxis.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02011;84(4):517\'96531.\
172. Fan\'a0M.Y,\'a0Walker\'a0D.H,\'a0Yu\'a0S.R,\'a0Liu\'a0Q.H.\'a0Epidemiology and ecology of rickettsial diseases in the People\'92s Republic of China.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(4):823\'96840.\
173. Gudiol\'a0F,\'a0Pallares\'a0R,\'a0Carratala\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Randomized double-blind evaluation of ciprofloxacin and doxycycline for Mediterranean spotted fever.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(6):987\'96988.\
174. Perine\'a0P.L,\'a0Chandler\'a0B.P,\'a0Krause\'a0D.K,\'a0et al.\'a0A clinico-epidemiological study of epidemic typhus in Africa.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01992;14(5):1149\'961158.\
175. Minniear\'a0T.D,\'a0Buckingham\'a0S.C.\'a0Managing rocky mountain spotted fever.\'a0Expert Rev Anti-infect Ther.\'a02009;7(9):1131\'961137.\
176. Ariza\'a0J,\'a0Bosilkovski\'a0M,\'a0Cascio\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Perspectives for the treatment of brucellosis in the 21st century: the Ioannina recommendations.\'a0PLoS Medicine.\'a02007;4(12):e317.\
177. Solera\'a0J,\'a0Martinez-Alfaro\'a0E,\'a0Saez\'a0L.\'a0Meta-analysis of the efficacy of the combination of +rifampicin and doxycycline in the treatment of human brucellosis.\'a0Med Clin.\'a01994;102(19):731\'96738.\
178. Hasanjani Roushan\'a0M.R,\'a0Mohraz\'a0M,\'a0Hajiahmadi\'a0M,\'a0Ramzani\'a0A,\'a0Valayati\'a0A.A.\'a0Efficacy of gentamicin plus doxycycline versus streptomycin plus doxycycline in the treatment of brucellosis in humans.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02006;42(8):1075\'961080.\
179. Hasanain\'a0A,\'a0Mahdy\'a0R,\'a0Mohamed\'a0A,\'a0Ali\'a0M.\'a0A randomized, comparative study of dual therapy (doxycycline-rifampin) versus triple therapy (doxycycline-rifampin-levofloxacin) for treating acute/subacute brucellosis.\'a0Braz J Infect Dis.\'a02016;20(3):250\'96254.\
180. Pappas\'a0G,\'a0Seitaridis\'a0S,\'a0Akritidis\'a0N,\'a0Tsianos\'a0E.\'a0Treatment of brucella spondylitis: lessons from an impossible meta-analysis and initial report of efficacy of a fluoroquinolone-containing regimen.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;24(5):502\'96507.\
181. Powell\'a0O.W,\'a0Kennedy\'a0K.P,\'a0Mc\'a0I.M,\'a0Silverstone\'a0H.\'a0Tetracycline in the treatment of \'93Q\'94 fever.\'a0Australas Ann Med.\'a01962;11:184\'96188.\
182. Spelman\'a0D.W.\'a0Q fever: a study of 111 consecutive cases.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01982;1(13):547\'96548\'a0551, 553.\
183. Maurin\'a0M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Q fever.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a01999;12(4):518\'96553.\
184. Ferrante\'a0M.A,\'a0Dolan\'a0M.J.\'a0Q fever meningoencephalitis in a soldier returning from the Persian Gulf War.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01993;16(4):489\'96496.\
185. Fenollar\'a0F,\'a0Fournier\'a0P.E,\'a0Carrieri\'a0M.P,\'a0Habib\'a0G,\'a0Messana\'a0T,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Risks factors and prevention of Q fever endocarditis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;33(3):312\'96316.\
186. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Houpikian\'a0P,\'a0Tissot Dupont\'a0H,\'a0Riss\'a0J.M,\'a0Arditi-Djiane\'a0J,\'a0Brouqui\'a0P.\'a0Treatment of Q fever endocarditis: comparison of 2 regimens containing doxycycline and ofloxacin or hydroxychloroquine.\'a0Arch Intern Med.\'a01999;159(2):167\'96173.\
187. Chaowagul\'a0W,\'a0Chierakul\'a0W,\'a0Simpson\'a0A.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Open-label randomized trial of oral trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, doxycycline, and chloramphenicol compared with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole and doxycycline for maintenance therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(10):4020\'964025.\
188. Chaowagul\'a0W,\'a0Simpson\'a0A.J,\'a0Suputtamongkol\'a0Y,\'a0Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Angus\'a0B.J,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0A comparison of chloramphenicol, trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, and doxycycline with doxycycline alone as maintenance therapy for melioidosis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01999;29(2):375\'96380.\
189. Fredeking\'a0T.M,\'a0Zavala-Castro\'a0J.E,\'a0Gonzalez-Martinez\'a0P,\'a0et al.\'a0Dengue patients treated with doxycycline showed lower mortality associated to a reduction in IL-6 and TNF levels.\'a0Recent Patents on Anti-infective Drug Discovery.\'a02015;10(1):51\'9658.\
190. Haik\'a0S,\'a0Marcon\'a0G,\'a0Mallet\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline in Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease: a phase 2, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0The Lancet Neurology.\'a02014;13(2):150\'96158.\
191. Varges\'a0D,\'a0Manthey\'a0H,\'a0Heinemann\'a0U,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline in early CJD: a double-blinded randomised phase II and observational study.\'a0J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry Res.\'a02017;88(2):119\'96125.\
192. Ritchie\'a0D.J,\'a0Garavaglia-Wilson\'a0A.\'a0A review of intravenous minocycline for treatment of multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter infections.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02014;59(Suppl 6):S374\'96S380.\
193. Pogue\'a0J.M,\'a0Neelakanta\'a0A,\'a0Mynatt\'a0R.P,\'a0Sharma\'a0S,\'a0Lephart\'a0P,\'a0Kaye\'a0K.S.\'a0Carbapenem-resistance in gram-negative bacilli and intravenous minocycline: an antimicrobial stewardship approach at the Detroit Medical Center.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02014;59(Suppl 6):S388\'96S393.\
194. Hand\'a0E,\'a0Davis\'a0H,\'a0Kim\'a0T,\'a0Duhon\'a0B.\'a0Monotherapy with minocycline or trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole for treatment of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia infections.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02016;71(4):1071\'961075.\
195. Tan\'a0H.H.\'a0Antibacterial therapy for acne: a guide to selection and use of systemic agents.\'a0Am J Clin Dermatol.\'a02003;4(5):307\'96314.\
196. Stewart\'a0D.M,\'a0Torok\'a0H.M,\'a0Weiss\'a0J.S,\'a0Plott\'a0R.T.\'a0Dose-ranging efficacy of new once-daily extended-release minocycline for acne vulgaris.\'a0Cutis.\'a02006;78(4 Suppl):11\'9620.\
197. O\'92Dell\'a0J.R,\'a0Elliott\'a0J.R,\'a0Mallek\'a0J.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of early seropositive rheumatoid arthritis: doxycycline plus methotrexate versus methotrexate alone.\'a0Arthritis and Rheumatism.\'a02006;54(2):621\'96627.\
198. Tilley\'a0B.C,\'a0Alarcon\'a0G.S,\'a0Heyse\'a0S.P,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline in rheumatoid arthritis. A 48-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. MIRA Trial Group.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01995;122(2):81\'9689.\
199. O\'92Dell\'a0J.R,\'a0Paulsen\'a0G,\'a0Haire\'a0C.E,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of early seropositive rheumatoid arthritis with minocycline: four-year followup of a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0Arthritis and Rheumatol.\'a01999;42(8):1691\'961695.\
200. Matsuyama\'a0A,\'a0Sakai\'a0N,\'a0Ishigami\'a0M,\'a0Hiraoka\'a0H,\'a0Yamashita\'a0S.\'a0Minocycline for the treatment of Takayasu arteritis.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a02005;143(5):394\'96395.\
201. Sorensen\'a0P.S,\'a0Sellebjerg\'a0F,\'a0Lycke\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline added to subcutaneous interferon \uc0\u946 -1a in multiple sclerosis: randomized RECYCLINE study.\'a0Eur Neurol.\'a02016;23(5):861\'96870.\
202. Metz\'a0L.M,\'a0Li\'a0D.K.B,\'a0Traboulsee\'a0A.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Trial of minocycline in a clinically isolated syndrome of multiple sclerosis.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02017;376(22):2122\'962133.\
203. Brouillard\'a0J.E,\'a0Terriff\'a0C.M,\'a0Tofan\'a0A,\'a0Garrison\'a0M.W.\'a0Antibiotic selection and resistance issues with fluoroquinolones and doxycycline against bioterrorism agents.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02006;26(1):3\'9614.\
204. Roberts\'a0M.C.\'a0Tetracycline resistance determinants: mechanisms of action, regulation of expression, genetic mobility, and distribution.\'a0FEMS Microbiol Rev.\'a01996;19(1):1\'9624.\
205. Roberts\'a0M.C.\'a0Tetracycline therapy: update.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02003;36(4):462\'96467.\
206. Chopra\'a0I.\'a0New developments in tetracycline antibiotics: glycylcyclines and tetracycline efflux pump inhibitors.\'a0Drug Resistance Updates.\'a02002;5(3\'964):119\'96125.\
207. Paulsen\'a0I.T,\'a0Brown\'a0M.H,\'a0Skurray\'a0R.A.\'a0Proton-dependent multidrug efflux systems.\'a0Microbiol Rev.\'a01996;60(4):575\'96608.\
208. Connell\'a0S.R,\'a0Tracz\'a0D.M,\'a0Nierhaus\'a0K.H,\'a0Taylor\'a0D.E.\'a0Ribosomal protection proteins and their mechanism of tetracycline resistance.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(12):3675\'963681.\
209. Rasmussen\'a0B.A,\'a0Gluzman\'a0Y,\'a0Tally\'a0F.P.\'a0Inhibition of protein synthesis occurring on tetracycline-resistant, TetM-protected ribosomes by a novel class of tetracyclines, the glycylcyclines.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(7):1658\'961660.\
210. Melville\'a0C.M,\'a0Scott\'a0K.P,\'a0Mercer\'a0D.K,\'a0Flint\'a0H.J.\'a0Novel tetracycline resistance gene, tet(32), in the Clostridium-related human colonic anaerobe K10 and its transmission in\'a0vitro to the rumen anaerobe Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02001;45(11):3246\'963249.\
211. Speer\'a0B.S,\'a0Salyers\'a0A.A.\'a0Novel aerobic tetracycline resistance gene that chemically modifies tetracycline.\'a0J Bacter.\'a01989;171(1):148\'96153.\
212. Yang\'a0W,\'a0Moore\'a0I.F,\'a0Koteva\'a0K.P,\'a0Bareich\'a0D.C,\'a0Hughes\'a0D.W,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0TetX is a flavin-dependent monooxygenase conferring resistance to tetracycline antibiotics.\'a0J Biol Chem.\'a02004;279(50):52346\'9652352.\
213. Moore\'a0I.F,\'a0Hughes\'a0D.W,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0Tigecycline is modified by the flavin-dependent monooxygenase TetX.\'a0Biochemistry.\'a02005;44(35):11829\'9611835.\
214. Cohen\'a0S.P,\'a0McMurry\'a0L.M,\'a0Levy\'a0S.B.\'a0marA locus causes decreased expression of OmpF porin in multiple-antibiotic-resistant (Mar) mutants of Escherichia coli.\'a0J Bacteriol.\'a01988;170(12):5416\'965422.\
215. Gerrits\'a0M.M,\'a0de Zoete\'a0M.R,\'a0Arents\'a0N.L,\'a0Kuipers\'a0E.J,\'a0Kusters\'a0J.G.\'a016S rRNA mutation-mediated tetracycline resistance in Helicobacter pylori.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02002;46(9):2996\'963000.\
216. Trieber\'a0C.A,\'a0Taylor\'a0D.E.\'a0Mutations in the 16S rRNA genes of Helicobacter pylori mediate resistance to tetracycline.\'a0J Bacteriol.\'a02002;184(8):2131\'962140.\
217. Smith\'a0K,\'a0Leyden\'a0J.J.\'a0Safety of doxycycline and minocycline: a systematic review.\'a0Clin Therap.\'a02005;27(9):1329\'961342.\
218. Lebrun-Vignes\'a0B,\'a0Kreft-Jais\'a0C,\'a0Castot\'a0A,\'a0Chosidow\'a0O.\'a0Comparative analysis of adverse drug reactions to tetracyclines: results of a French national survey and review of the literature.\'a0Br J Dermatol.\'a02012;166(6):1333\'961341.\
219. Hey\'a0H,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0F,\'a0Sorensen\'a0K,\'a0Hasselbalch\'a0H,\'a0Wamberg\'a0T.\'a0Oesophageal transit of six commonly used tablets and capsules.\'a0Br Med J (Clinical Research Ed).\'a01982;285(6356):1717\'961719.\'a0Page 351.e4.\
220. Winckler\'a0K.\'a0Tetracycline ulcers of the oesophagus, Endoscopy, histology and roentgenology in two cases, and review of the literature.\'a0Endoscopy.\'a01981;13(6):225\'96228.\
221. Fanning\'a0W.L,\'a0Gump\'a0D.W,\'a0Sofferman\'a0R.A.\'a0Side effects of minocycline: a double-blind study.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(4):712\'96717.\
222. Shea\'a0C.R,\'a0Olack\'a0G.A,\'a0Morrison\'a0H,\'a0Chen\'a0N,\'a0Hasan\'a0T.\'a0Phototoxicity of lumidoxycycline.\'a0J Invest Dermatol.\'a01993;101(3):329\'96333.\
223. Bethell\'a0H.J.\'a0Photo-onycholysis caused by demethylchlortetracycline.\'a0Br Med J.\'a01977;2(6079):96.\
224. Fenske\'a0N.A,\'a0Millns\'a0J.L,\'a0Greer\'a0K.E.\'a0Minocycline-induced pigmentation at sites of cutaneous inflammation.\'a0JAMA.\'a01980;244(10):1103\'961106.\
225. Simons\'a0J.J,\'a0Morales\'a0A.\'a0Minocycline and generalized cutaneous pigmentation.\'a0J Am Acad Dermatol.\'a01980;3(3):244\'96247.\
226. Cale\'a0A.E,\'a0Freedman\'a0P.D,\'a0Lumerman\'a0H.\'a0Pigmentation of the jawbones and teeth secondary to minocycline hydrochloride therapy.\'a0Journal of Periodontology.\'a01988;59(2):112\'96114.\
227. Odell\'a0E.W,\'a0Hodgson\'a0R.P,\'a0Haskell\'a0R.\'a0Oral presentation of minocycline-induced black bone disease.\'a0Oral Surgery, Oral Medicine, Oral Pathology, Oral Radiology, and Endodontics.\'a01995;79(4):459\'96461.\
228. Siller\'a0G.M,\'a0Tod\'a0M.A,\'a0Savage\'a0N.W.\'a0Minocycline-induced oral pigmentation.\'a0J Am Acad Dermatol.\'a01994;30(2 Pt 2):350\'96354.\
229. Attwood\'a0H.D.\'a0A black thyroid and minocycline therapy.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01983;1(12):549.\
230. Landas\'a0S.K,\'a0Schelper\'a0R.L,\'a0Tio\'a0F.O,\'a0Turner\'a0J.W,\'a0Moore\'a0K.C,\'a0Bennett-Gray\'a0J.\'a0Black thyroid syndrome: exaggeration of a normal process?\'a0Am J Clin Pathol.\'a01986;85(4):411\'96418.\
231. Demers\'a0P,\'a0Fraser\'a0D,\'a0Goldbloom\'a0R.B,\'a0et al.\'a0Effects of tetracyclines on skeletal growth and dentition. A report by the Nutrition Committee of the Canadian Paediatric Society.\'a0Can Med Assoc.\'a01968;99(17):849\'96854.\
232. Moffitt\'a0J.M,\'a0Cooley\'a0R.O,\'a0Olsen\'a0N.H,\'a0Hefferren\'a0J.J.\'a0Prediction of tetracycline-induced tooth discoloration.\'a0J Am Dent Assoc (1939).\'a01974;88(3):547\'96552.\
233. Witkop\'a0Jr.\'a0C.J,\'a0Wolf\'a0R.O.\'a0Hypoplasia and intrinsic staining of enamel following tetracycline therapy.\'a0JAMA.\'a01963;185:1008\'961011.\
234. McIntosh\'a0H.A,\'a0Storey\'a0E.\'a0Tetracycline-induced tooth changes.4. Discoloration and hypoplasia induced by tetracycline analogues.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01970;1(3):114\'96119.\
235. Grossman\'a0E.R,\'a0Walchek\'a0A,\'a0Freedman\'a0H.\'a0Tetracyclines and permanent teeth: the relation between dose and tooth color.\'a0Pediatrics.\'a01971;47(3):567\'96570.\
236. Todd\'a0S.R,\'a0Dahlgren\'a0F.S,\'a0Traeger\'a0M.S,\'a0et al.\'a0No visible dental staining in children treated with doxycycline for suspected Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a02015;166(5):1246\'961251.\
237. Volovitz\'a0B,\'a0Shkap\'a0R,\'a0Amir\'a0J,\'a0Calderon\'a0S,\'a0Varsano\'a0I,\'a0Nussinovitch\'a0M.\'a0Absence of tooth staining with doxycycline treatment in young children.\'a0Clin Pediatr.\'a02007;46(2):121\'96126.\
238. Toaff\'a0R,\'a0Ravid\'a0R.\'a0Tetracyclines and the teeth.\'a0Lancet.\'a01966;2(7457):281\'96282.\
239. Cohlan\'a0S.Q.\'a0Teratogenic agents and congenital malformations.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a01963;63:650\'96659.\
240. Schultz\'a0J.C,\'a0Adamson\'a0JS.\'a0J.r,\'a0Workman\'a0W.W,\'a0Norman\'a0T.D.\'a0Fatal liver disease after intravenous administration of tetracycline in high dosage.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01963;269:999\'961004.\
241. Carson\'a0J.L,\'a0Strom\'a0B.L,\'a0Duff\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Acute liver disease associated with erythromycins, sulfonamides, and tetracyclines.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01993;119(7 Pt 1):576\'96583.\
242. Vial\'a0T,\'a0Biour\'a0M,\'a0Descotes\'a0J,\'a0Trepo\'a0C.\'a0Antibiotic-associated hepatitis: update from 1990.\'a0Ann Pharmacother.\'a01997;31(2):204\'96220.\
243. Shils\'a0M.E.\'a0Renal disease and the metabolic effects of tetracycline.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01963;58:389\'96408.\
244. Montoliu\'a0J,\'a0Carrera\'a0M,\'a0Darnell\'a0A,\'a0Revert\'a0L.\'a0Lactic acidosis and Fanconi\'92s syndrome due to degraded tetracycline.\'a0Br. Med. J (Clinical Research Ed).\'a01981;283(6306):1576\'961577.\
245. Lander\'a0C.M.\'a0Minocycline-induced benign intracranial hypertension.\'a0Exp Neurol.\'a01989;26:161\'96167.\
246. Koch-Weser\'a0J,\'a0Gilmore\'a0E.B.\'a0Benign intracranial hypertension in an adult after tetracycline therapy.\'a0JAMA.\'a01967;200(4):345\'96347.\
247. Chiu\'a0A.M,\'a0Chuenkongkaew\'a0W.L,\'a0Cornblath\'a0W.T,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline treatment and pseudotumor cerebri syndrome.\'a0Am J Ophthalmol.\'a01998;126(1):116\'96121.\
248. Kesler\'a0A,\'a0Goldhammer\'a0Y,\'a0Hadayer\'a0A,\'a0Pianka\'a0P.\'a0The outcome of pseudotumor cerebri induced by tetracycline therapy.\'a0Acta Neurologica Scandinavica.\'a02004;110(6):408\'96411.\
249. Lochhead\'a0J,\'a0Elston\'a0J.S.\'a0Doxycycline induced intracranial hypertension.\'a0BMJ (Clinical Research Ed).\'a02003;326(7390):641\'96642.\
250. Knowles\'a0S.R,\'a0Shapiro\'a0L,\'a0Shear\'a0N.H.\'a0Serious adverse reactions induced by minocycline. Report of 13 patients and review of the literature.\'a0Arch Dermatol.\'a01996;132(8):934\'96939.\
251. Fellner\'a0M.J,\'a0Baer\'a0R.L.\'a0Anaphylactic reaction to tetracycline in a penicillin-allergic patient: immunologic studies.\'a0JAMA.\'a01965;192:997\'96998.\
252. Cac\'a0N.N,\'a0Messingham\'a0M.J,\'a0Sniezek\'a0P.J,\'a0Walling\'a0H.W.\'a0Stevens-Johnson syndrome induced by doxycycline.\'a0Cutis.\'a02007;79(2):119\'96122.\
253. Czeizel\'a0A.E,\'a0Rockenbauer\'a0M.\'a0Teratogenic study of doxycycline.\'a0Obstet Gynecol.\'a01997;89(4):524\'96528.\
254. Rosa\'a0F.\'a0Drugs in Pregnancy and Lactation: A Reference Guide to Fetal and Neonatal Risk.\'a0Philadelphia (PA):\'a0Lippincott Williams & Wilkins;\'a02002.\
255. Kaundinnyayana\'a0S,\'a0Kamath\'a0A.\'a0Doxycycline use and adverse pregnancy or neonatal outcomes: a descriptive study using the United States Food and Drug Administration Adverse Event Reporting System database.\'a0Health Sci Rep.\'a02022;5(6):e931.\
256. Ellis-Grosse\'a0E.J,\'a0Babinchak\'a0T,\'a0Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Rose\'a0G,\'a0Loh\'a0E.\'a0The efficacy and safety of tigecycline in the treatment of skin and skin-structure infections: results of 2 double-blind phase 3 comparison studies with vancomycin-aztreonam.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02005;41(Suppl 5):S341\'96S353.\
257. Babinchak\'a0T,\'a0Ellis-Grosse\'a0E,\'a0Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Rose\'a0G.M,\'a0Loh\'a0E.\'a0The efficacy and safety of tigecycline for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections: analysis of pooled clinical trial data.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02005;41(Suppl 5):S354\'96S367.\
258. Tanaseanu\'a0C,\'a0Bergallo\'a0C,\'a0Teglia\'a0O,\'a0et al.\'a0Integrated results of 2 phase 3 studies comparing tigecycline and levofloxacin in community-acquired pneumonia.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02008;61(3):329\'96338.\
259. Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Castaing\'a0N,\'a0Gandjini\'a0H,\'a0Cooper\'a0A.\'a0Tigecycline versus levofloxacin for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia: European experience.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother (Florence, Italy).\'a02008;20(Suppl 1):28\'9635.\
260. FDA. Increased risk of death with Tygacil (tigecycline) compared to other antibiotics used to treat similar infections. http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DrugSafety/ucm224370.htm. (Accessed December 9, 2012).\
261. FDA. FDA Drug Safety Communication: FDA Warns of Increased Risk of Death with IV Antibacterial Tygacil (Tigecycline) and Approves New Boxed Warning. http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DrugSafety/ucm369580.htm. (Accessed January 26, 2014).\
262. McGovern\'a0P.C,\'a0Wible\'a0M,\'a0El-Tahtawy\'a0A,\'a0Biswas\'a0P,\'a0Meyer\'a0R.D.\'a0All-cause mortality imbalance in the tigecycline phase 3 and 4 clinical trials.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02013;41(5):463\'96467.\
263. Sum\'a0P.E,\'a0Lee\'a0V.J,\'a0Testa\'a0R.T,\'a0et al.\'a0Glycylcyclines. 1. A new generation of potent antibacterial agents through modification of 9-aminotetracyclines.\'a0J Med Chem.\'a01994;37(1):184\'96188.\
264. Bauer\'a0G,\'a0Berens\'a0C,\'a0Projan\'a0S.J,\'a0Hillen\'a0W.\'a0Comparison of tetracycline and tigecycline binding to ribosomes mapped by dimethylsulphate and drug-directed Fe2+ cleavage of 16S rRNA.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02004;53(4):592\'96599.\
265. Olson\'a0M.W,\'a0Ruzin\'a0A,\'a0Feyfant\'a0E,\'a0Rush\'a03rd.\'a0T.S,\'a0O\'92Connell\'a0J,\'a0Bradford\'a0P.A.\'a0Functional, biophysical, and structural bases for antibacterial activity of tigecycline.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(6):2156\'962166.\
266. Bergeron\'a0J,\'a0Ammirati\'a0M,\'a0Danley\'a0D,\'a0et al.\'a0Glycylcyclines bind to the high-affinity tetracycline ribosomal binding site and evade Tet(M)- and Tet(O)-mediated ribosomal protection.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01996;40(9):2226\'962228.\
267. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Homenuik\'a0K,\'a0Nichol\'a0K,\'a0et al.\'a0The glycylcyclines: a comparative review with the tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a02004;64(1):63\'9688.\
268. Wyeth. Tygacil (tigecycline) package insert. In: Wyeth Pharmaceuticals I, ed. Philadelphia, PA2011.\
269. Troy\'a0S,\'a0Muralidharan\'a0G,\'a0Micalizzi\'a0M,\'a0Mojaverian\'a0P,\'a0Salacinski\'a0L,\'a0Raible\'a0D.\'a0The effects of renal disease on the pharmacokinetics of tigecycline (GAR-936) (Abstract A-43).\'a0In:\'a0Proceedings of the 43rd Annual Meeting of the Interscience Conference on Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy.\'a02003\'a0Chicago, IL.\
270. Frampton\'a0J.E,\'a0Curran\'a0M.P.\'a0Tigecycline.\'a0Drugs.\'a02005;65(18):2623\'962635\'a0discussion 2636-2627.\
271. Muralidharan\'a0G,\'a0Fruncillo\'a0R.J,\'a0Micalizzi\'a0M,\'a0Raible\'a0D.G,\'a0Troy\'a0S.M.\'a0Effects of age and sex on single-dose pharmacokinetics of tigecycline in healthy subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(4):1656\'961659.\
272. Muralidharan\'a0G,\'a0Micalizzi\'a0M,\'a0Speth\'a0J,\'a0Raible\'a0D,\'a0Troy\'a0S.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of tigecycline after single and multiple doses in healthy subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(1):220\'96229.\
273. Rodvold\'a0K.A,\'a0Gotfried\'a0M.H,\'a0Cwik\'a0M,\'a0Korth-Bradley\'a0J.M,\'a0Dukart\'a0G,\'a0Ellis-Grosse\'a0E.J.\'a0Serum, tissue and body fluid concentrations of tigecycline after a single 100 mg dose.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(6):1221\'961229.\
274. Bhattacharya\'a0I,\'a0Gotfried\'a0M.H,\'a0Ji\'a0A.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Reassessment of tigecycline bone concentrations in volunteers undergoing elective orthopedic procedures.\'a0J Clin Pharmacol.\'a02014;54(1):70\'9674.\
275. Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetic considerations regarding tigecycline for multidrug-resistant (MDR) Klebsiella pneumoniae or MDR Acinetobacter baumannii urosepsis.\'a0J Clin Microbiol.\'a02009;47(5):1613.\
276. Livermore\'a0D.M.\'a0Tigecycline: what is it, and where should it be used?\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02005;56(4):611\'96614.\
277. Barbour\'a0A,\'a0Scaglione\'a0F,\'a0Derendorf\'a0H.\'a0Class-dependent relevance of tissue distribution in the interpretation of anti-infective pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic indices.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02010;35(5):431\'96438.\
278. Hoffmann\'a0M,\'a0DeMaio\'a0W,\'a0Jordan\'a0R.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Metabolism, excretion, and pharmacokinetics of [14C]tigecycline, a first-in-class glycylcycline antibiotic, after intravenous infusion to healthy male subjects.\'a0Drug Metab Dispos.\'a02007;35(9):1543\'961553.\
279. Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Kreiswirth\'a0B.N,\'a0Weiss\'a0K,\'a0Willey\'a0B.M.\'a0Activity of GAR-936 and other antimicrobial agents against North American isolates of Staphylococcus aureus.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02002;20(3):220\'96222.\
280. Goff\'a0D.A,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0Prevalence and regional variation in meticillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) in the USA and comparative in\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline, a glycylcycline antimicrobial.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02007;56(Pt 9):1189\'961193.\
281. Gales\'a0A.C,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R.\'a0Tigecycline activity tested against 11808 bacterial pathogens recently collected from US medical centers.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02008;60(4):421\'96427.\
282. Mendes\'a0R.E,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Deshpande\'a0L,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Antimicrobial activity of tigecycline against community-acquired methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates recovered from North American medical centers.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02008;60(4):433\'96436.\
283. Namdari\'a0H,\'a0Tan\'a0T.Y,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0Activity of tigecycline and comparators against skin and skin structure pathogens: global results of the Tigecycline evaluation and surveillance trial, 2004-2009.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02012;16(1):e60\'96e66.\
284. Borbone\'a0S,\'a0Lupo\'a0A,\'a0Mezzatesta\'a0M.L,\'a0Campanile\'a0F,\'a0Santagati\'a0M,\'a0Stefani\'a0S.\'a0Evaluation of the in\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline against multiresistant Gram-positive cocci containing tetracycline resistance determinants.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02008;31(3):209\'96215.\
285. Cercenado\'a0E,\'a0Cercenado\'a0S,\'a0Gomez\'a0J.A,\'a0Bouza\'a0E.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline (GAR-936), a novel glycylcycline, against vancomycin-resistant enterococci and staphylococci with diminished susceptibility to glycopeptides.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(1):138\'96139.\
286. Aznar\'a0J,\'a0Lepe\'a0J.A,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility among E. faecalis and E. faecium from France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the UK (T.E.S.T. Surveillance Study, 2004-2009).\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother (Florence, Italy).\'a02012;24(2):74\'9680.\
287. Lee do\'a0K,\'a0Kim\'a0Y,\'a0Park\'a0K.S,\'a0Yang\'a0J.W,\'a0Kim\'a0K,\'a0Ha\'a0N.J.\'a0Antimicrobial activity of mupirocin, daptomycin, linezolid, quinupristin/dalfopristin and tigecycline against vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) from clinical isolates in Korea (1998 and 2005).\'a0J Biochem Mol.\'a02007;40(6):881\'96887.\
288. Moet\'a0G.J,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Tigecycline (GAR-936) activity against Streptococcus gallolyticus (bovis) and viridans group streptococci.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02007;57(3):333\'96336.\
289. Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Stilwell\'a0M.G,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Potency and spectrum of tigecycline tested against an international collection of bacterial pathogens associated with skin and soft tissue infections (2000-2004).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):195\'96201.\
290. Hoban\'a0D.J,\'a0Bouchillon\'a0S.K,\'a0Johnson\'a0B.M,\'a0Johnson\'a0J.L,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline against 6792 gram-negative and gram-positive clinical isolates from the global tigecycline evaluation and surveillance trial (TEST program, 2004).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):215\'96227.\
291. Hoellman\'a0D.B,\'a0Pankuch\'a0G.A,\'a0Jacobs\'a0M.R,\'a0Appelbaum\'a0P.C.\'a0Antipneumococcal activities of GAR-936 (a new glycylcycline) compared to those of nine other agents against penicillin-susceptible and -resistant pneumococci.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(4):1085\'961088.\
292. Salas\'a0C,\'a0Calvo\'a0J,\'a0Martinez-Martinez\'a0L.\'a0Activity of tigecycline against Coryneform bacteria of clinical interest and Listeria monocytogenes.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(4):1503\'961505.\
293. Milatovic\'a0D,\'a0Schmitz\'a0F.J,\'a0Verhoef\'a0J,\'a0Fluit\'a0A.C.\'a0Activities of the glycylcycline tigecycline (GAR-936) against 1,924 recent European clinical bacterial isolates.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(1):400\'96404.\
294. Garcia\'a0C.P,\'a0Juliet\'a0L.C,\'a0Fernandez\'a0V.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Multicenter study on the monitoring of in\'a0vitro susceptibility to tigeeyeline in Santiago, Chile.\'a0Revista chilena de infectologia.\'a02009;26(3):220\'96226.\'a0Page 351.e5.\
295. Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Strabala\'a0P.A,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Activity of tigecycline tested against a global collection of Enterobacteriaceae, including tetracycline-resistant isolates.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):209\'96213.\
296. Nabuurs-Franssen\'a0M,\'a0Mouton\'a0J.W.\'a0Tigecycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:881\'96892.\
297. Bouchillon\'a0S.K,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J,\'a0Johnson\'a0B.M,\'a0Johnson\'a0J.L,\'a0Hsiung\'a0A,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline against 3989 gram-negative and gram-positive clinical isolates from the United States tigecycline evaluation and surveillance trial (TEST program; 2004).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):173\'96179.\
298. Castanheira\'a0M,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Deshpande\'a0L.M,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Antimicrobial activities of tigecycline and other broad-spectrum antimicrobials tested against serine carbapenemase- and metallo-beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae: report from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(2):570\'96573.\
299. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Karlowsky\'a0J.A,\'a0Rubinstein\'a0E,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J.\'a0Tigecycline: a novel glycylcycline antibiotic.\'a0Expert Rev Anti-infect Ther.\'a02006;4(1):9\'9625.\
300. Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Park\'a0C.H.\'a0Update on antimicrobial susceptibility rates among gram-negative and gram-positive organisms in the United States: results from the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) 2005 to 2007.\'a0Clinical Therapeutics.\'a02008;30(11):2040\'962050.\
301. Navon-Venezia\'a0S,\'a0Leavitt\'a0A,\'a0Carmeli\'a0Y.\'a0High tigecycline resistance in multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02007;59(4):772\'96774.\
302. Farrell\'a0D.J,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibilities of a worldwide collection of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia isolates tested against tigecycline and agents commonly used for S. maltophilia infections.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02010;54(6):2735\'962737.\
303. Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Kirby\'a0J.T,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline (GAR-936) tested against 11,859 recent clinical isolates associated with community-acquired respiratory tract and gram-positive cutaneous infections.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02004;49(3):201\'96209.\
304. Dizbay\'a0M,\'a0Kilic\'a0S,\'a0Hizel\'a0K,\'a0Arman\'a0D.\'a0Tigecycline: its potential for treatment of brucellosis.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02007;39(5):432\'96434.\
305. Turan\'a0H,\'a0Arslan\'a0H,\'a0Azap\'a0O.K,\'a0Serefhanoglu\'a0K,\'a0Uncu\'a0H.\'a0In\'a0vitro antibacterial activity of tigecycline in comparison with doxycycline, ciprofloxacin and rifampicin against Brucella spp.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02007;30(2):186\'96187.\
306. Pappas\'a0G,\'a0Papadimitriou\'a0P,\'a0Christou\'a0L,\'a0Akritidis\'a0N.\'a0Future trends in human brucellosis treatment.\'a0Expert Opin Investig Drugs.\'a02006;15(10):1141\'961149.\
307. Jacobus\'a0N.V,\'a0McDermott\'a0L.A,\'a0Ruthazer\'a0R,\'a0Snydman\'a0D.R.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline against the Bacteroides fragilis group.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02004;48(3):1034\'961036.\
308. Nagy\'a0E,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline and comparators against a European compilation of anaerobes collected as part of the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST).\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02010;42(1):33\'9638.\
309. Kenny\'a0G.E,\'a0Cartwright\'a0F.D.\'a0Susceptibilities of Mycoplasma hominis, M. pneumoniae, and Ureaplasma urealyticum to GAR-936, dalfopristin, dirithromycin, evernimicin, gatifloxacin, linezolid, moxifloxacin, quinupristin-dalfopristin, and telithromycin compared to their susceptibilities to reference macrolides, tetracyclines, and quinolones.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02001;45(9):2604\'962608.\
310. Edelstein\'a0P.H,\'a0Weiss\'a0W.J,\'a0Edelstein\'a0M.A.\'a0Activities of tigecycline (GAR-936) against Legionella pneumophila in\'a0vitro and in Guinea pigs with L. pneumophila pneumonia.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(2):533\'96540.\
311. Fernandez-Roblas\'a0R,\'a0Martin-de-Hijas\'a0N.Z,\'a0Fernandez-Martinez\'a0A.I,\'a0Garcia-Almeida\'a0D,\'a0Gadea\'a0I,\'a0Esteban\'a0J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline and 10 other antimicrobials against nonpigmented rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(11):4184\'964186.\
312. Coban\'a0A.Y,\'a0Deveci\'a0A,\'a0Cayci\'a0Y.T,\'a0Uzun\'a0M,\'a0Akgunes\'a0A,\'a0Durupinar\'a0B.\'a0In\'a0vitro effect of tigecycline against Mycobacterium tuberculosis and a review of the available drugs for tuberculosis.\'a0Afr J Microbiol Res.\'a02011;5(3):311\'96315.\
313. Breedt\'a0J,\'a0Teras\'a0J,\'a0Gardovskis\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Safety and efficacy of tigecycline in treatment of skin and skin structure infections: results of a double-blind phase 3 comparison study with vancomycin-aztreonam.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(11):4658\'964666.\
314. Sacchidanand\'a0S,\'a0Penn\'a0R.L,\'a0Embil\'a0J.M,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline monotherapy compared with vancomycin plus aztreonam in patients with complicated skin and skin structure infections: results from a phase 3, randomized, double-blind trial.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02005;9(5):251\'96261.\
315. Teras\'a0J,\'a0Gardovskis\'a0J,\'a0Vaasna\'a0T,\'a0et al.\'a0Overview of tigecycline efficacy and safety in the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections - a European perspective.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother (Florence, Italy).\'a02008;20(Suppl 1):20\'9627.\
316. Chuang\'a0Y.C,\'a0Chang\'a0C.M,\'a0Aradhya\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline monotherapy compared with vancomycin-aztreonam in the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections in patients from India and Taiwan.\'a0J Microbiol.\'a02011;44(2):116\'96124.\
317. Lauf\'a0L,\'a0Ozsvar\'a0Z,\'a0Mitha\'a0I,\'a0et al.\'a0Phase 3 study comparing tigecycline and ertapenem in patients with diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02014;78(4):469\'96480.\
318. Oliva\'a0M.E,\'a0Rekha\'a0A,\'a0Yellin\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0A multicenter trial of the efficacy and safety of tigecycline versus imipenem/cilastatin in patients with complicated intra-abdominal infections [Study ID Numbers: 3074A1-301-WW; ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00081744].\'a0BMC Infect Dis.\'a02005;5:88.\
319. Towfigh\'a0S,\'a0Pasternak\'a0J,\'a0Poirier\'a0A,\'a0Leister\'a0H,\'a0Babinchak\'a0T.\'a0A multicentre, open-label, randomized comparative study of tigecycline versus ceftriaxone sodium plus metronidazole for the treatment of hospitalized subjects with complicated intra-abdominal infections.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02010;16(8):1274\'961281.\
320. Qvist\'a0N,\'a0Warren\'a0B,\'a0Leister-Tebbe\'a0H,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy of tigecycline versus ceftriaxone plus metronidazole for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections: results from a randomized, controlled trial.\'a0Surg Infect.\'a02012;13(2):102\'96109.\
321. Tanaseanu\'a0C,\'a0Milutinovic\'a0S,\'a0Calistru\'a0P.I,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline versus levofloxacin for community-acquired pneumonia.\'a0BMC Pulm Med.\'a02009;9:44.\
322. Bergallo\'a0C,\'a0Jasovich\'a0A,\'a0Teglia\'a0O,\'a0et al.\'a0Safety and efficacy of intravenous tigecycline in treatment of community-acquired pneumonia: results from a double-blind randomized phase 3 comparison study with levofloxacin.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02009;63(1):52\'9661.\
323. Curcio\'a0D,\'a0J\'a0C,\'a0W\'a0V,\'a0G\'a0V,\'a0A\'a0C.\'a0Tigecycline in the treatment of ventilator-associated pneumonia: experience from the Latin American Tigecycline Use Registry.\'a0Infez Med.\'a02010;18(1):27\'9634.\
324. Freire\'a0A.T,\'a0Melnyk\'a0V,\'a0Kim\'a0M.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Comparison of tigecycline with imipenem/cilastatin for the treatment of hospital-acquired pneumonia.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02010;68(2):140\'96151.\
Page 351.e1\
References\
1. Duggar\'a0B.M.\'a0Aureomycin: a product of the continuing search for new antibiotics.\'a0Ann NY Acad Sci.\'a01948;51(2):177\'96181.\
2. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Tetracycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:843\'96850.\
3. Sabundayo\'a0B.P,\'a0Standiford\'a0H.C.\'a0Tetracyclines and analogues.\'a0In:\'a0Yu\'a0V.L,\'a0Edwards\'a0G,\'a0McKinnon\'a0P.S,\'a0Peolquin\'a0C,\'a0Morse\'a0G.D,\'a0eds.\'a0Antimicrobial Therapy and Vaccines, 2nd Edition. Vol II: Antimicrobial Agents.\'a02nd ed.\'a0Pittsburgh, PA:\'a0ESun Technologies LLC;\'a02005:461\'96476.\
4. Levy\'a0S.B,\'a0FitzGerald\'a0G.B,\'a0Macone\'a0A.B.\'a0Changes in intestinal flora of farm personnel after introduction of a tetracycline-supplemented feed on a farm.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01976;295(11):583\'96588.\
5. DuPont\'a0H,\'a0Steele\'a0J.H.\'a0Use of antimicrobial agents in animal feeds: implications for human health.\'a0Rev of Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(3):447\'96460.\
6. Thaker\'a0M,\'a0Spanogiannopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0The tetracycline resistome.\'a0Cell Mol Life Sci.\'a02010;67(3):419\'96431.\
7. Perks\'a0W.H,\'a0Walters\'a0E.H,\'a0Tams\'a0I.P,\'a0Prowse\'a0K.\'a0Demeclocycline in the treatment of the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone.\'a0Thorax.\'a01979;34(3):324\'96327.\
8. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Roberts\'a0M.\'a0Tetracycline antibiotics: mode of action, applications, molecular biology, and epidemiology of bacterial resistance.\'a0MMBR.\'a02001;65(2):232\'96260.\
9. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hacker\'a0K.\'a0Inhibition of K88-mediated adhesion of Escherichia coli to mammalian receptors by antibiotics that affect bacterial protein synthesis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01986;18(4):441\'96451.\
10. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Doxycycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:851\'96869.\
11. Dahl\'a0E.L,\'a0Shock\'a0J.L,\'a0Shenai\'a0B.R,\'a0Gut\'a0J,\'a0DeRisi\'a0J.L,\'a0Rosenthal\'a0P.J.\'a0Tetracyclines specifically target the apicoplast of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(9):3124\'963131.\
12. Ribush\'a0N,\'a0Morgan\'a0T.\'a0Tetracyclines and renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01972;1(2):53\'9655.\
13. Kunin\'a0C.M.\'a0A guide to use of antibiotics in patients with renal disease. A table of recommended doses and factors governing serum levels.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01967;67(1):151\'96158.\
14. Heaney\'a0D,\'a0Eknoyan\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline and doxycycline kinetics in chronic renal failure.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01978;24(2):233\'96239.\
15. Whelton\'a0A,\'a0Schach von Wittenau\'a0M,\'a0Twomey\'a0T.M,\'a0Walker\'a0W.G,\'a0Bianchine\'a0J.R.\'a0Doxycycline pharmacokinetics in the absence of renal function.\'a0Kidney Int.\'a01974;5(5):365\'96371.\
16. Thiim\'a0M,\'a0Friedman\'a0L.S.\'a0Hepatotoxicity of antibiotics and antifungals.\'a0Clinics in Liver Disease.\'a02003;7(2):381\'96399\'a0vi-vii.\
17. Horrevorts\'a0A,\'a0Pluim\'a0M.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:870\'96880.\
18. Carney\'a0S,\'a0Butcher\'a0R.A,\'a0Dawborn\'a0J.K,\'a0Pattison\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline excretion and distribution in relation to renal function in man.\'a0Clin Exp Pharmacol.\'a01974;1(4):299\'96308.\
19. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Shaw\'a0W.R,\'a0Uman\'a0S.J,\'a0Tse\'a0F.L,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of minocycline in renal failure.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;8(5):532\'96537.\
20. Bernard\'a0B,\'a0Yin\'a0E.J,\'a0Simon\'a0H.J.\'a0Clinical pharmacologic studies with minocycline.\'a0The J Clin Pharmacol.\'a01971;11(5):332\'96348.\
21. George\'a0C.R,\'a0Guinness\'a0M.D,\'a0Lark\'a0D.J,\'a0Evans\'a0R.A.\'a0Minocycline toxicity in renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01973;1(13):640\'96641.\
22. Jonas\'a0M,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0Ther Drug Monit.\'a01982;4(2):137\'96145.\
23. Wood\'a0M.J,\'a0Farrell\'a0W,\'a0Kattan\'a0S,\'a0Williams\'a0J.D.\'a0Activity of minocycline and tetracycline against respiratory pathogens related to blood levels.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01975;1(3):323\'96331.\
24. Sklenar\'a0I,\'a0Spring\'a0P,\'a0Dettli\'a0L.\'a0One-dose and multiple-dose kinetics of minocycline in patients with renal disease.\'a0Agents and Actions.\'a01977;7(3):369\'96377.\
25. Smith\'a0C,\'a0Woods\'a0C.G,\'a0Woods\'a0M.J.\'a0Absorption of minocycline.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01984;13(1):93.\
26. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Koch\'a0P.A,\'a0Lau\'a0C.C,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Bioavailability of tetracycline and doxycycline in fasted and nonfasted subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(3):462\'96469.\
27. Neuvonen\'a0P.J.\'a0Interactions with the absorption of tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a01976;11(1):45\'9654.\
28. Agwuh\'a0K.N,\'a0MacGowan\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of the tetracyclines including glycylcyclines.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(2):256\'96265.\
29. Fabre\'a0J,\'a0Milek\'a0E,\'a0Kalfopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Merier\'a0G.\'a0[Kinetics of tetracyclines in human. II. Excretion, penetration into normal and inflammed tissues, behavior in a case of renal insufficiency and in hemodialysis].\'a0Schweiz Med Wochenschr.\'a01971;101(18):625\'96633.\
30. Macdonald\'a0H,\'a0Kelly\'a0R.G,\'a0Allen\'a0E.S,\'a0Noble\'a0J.F,\'a0Kanegis\'a0L.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetic studies on minocycline in man.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01973;14(5):852\'96861.\
31. Lundberg\'a0C,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentration of penicillin V and tetracycline in maxillary sinus secretion after repeated doses.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(2):123\'96133.\
32. Ruhen\'a0R.W,\'a0Tandon\'a0M.K.\'a0Comparative effectiveness of tetracycline, minocycline and doxycycline in treatment of acute-on-chronic bronchitis. A study based on sputum levels.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01976;1(6):151\'96153.\
33. Chow\'a0A.W,\'a0Jewesson\'a0P.J.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and safety of antimicrobial agents during pregnancy.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01985;7(3):287\'96313.\
34. Alestig\'a0K.\'a0Studies on doxycycline during intravenous and oral treatment with reference to renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(3):193\'96198.\
35. Andersson\'a0K.E,\'a0Mardh\'a0P.A,\'a0Akerlund\'a0M.\'a0Passage of doxycycline into extracellular fluid.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):7\'9611.\
36. Eliasson\'a0R,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentrations of doxycycline in human seminal plasma.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):32\'9636.\
37. Lode\'a0H.\'a0Penetration of antibiotics into the pleural fluid.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01979;5(2):122\'96124.\
38. Schreiner\'a0A,\'a0Digranes\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of lymecycline and doxycycline in serum and suction blister fluid.\'a0Chemotherapy.\'a01985;31(4):261\'96265.\
39. Marlin\'a0G.E,\'a0Cheng\'a0S,\'a0Thompson\'a0P.J.\'a0Sputum and plasma doxycycline concentrations after a single oral 600 mg doxycycline dose in patients with chronic bronchitis.\'a0Eur J Respir Dis.\'a01981;62(4):276\'96280.\
40. Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0The detection of doxycycline activity in human bone.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):47\'9653.\
41. Gnarpe\'a0H,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Hagg\'a0O.\'a0Doxycycline concentration levels in bone, soft tissue and serum after intravenous infusion of doxycycline. A clinical study.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):54\'9657.\
42. Bystedt\'a0H,\'a0A\'a0D.A,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E.\'a0Concentrations of azidocillin, erythromycin, doxycycline and clindamycin in human mandibular bone.\'a0Int J Oral Surg.\'a01978;7(5):442\'96449.\
43. Dotevall\'a0L,\'a0Hagberg\'a0L.\'a0Penetration of doxycycline into cerebrospinal fluid in patients treated for suspected Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(7):1078\'961080.\
44. Yim\'a0C.W,\'a0Flynn\'a0N.M,\'a0Fitzgerald\'a0F.T.\'a0Penetration of oral doxycycline into the cerebrospinal fluid of patients with latent or neurosyphilis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01985;28(2):347\'96348.\
45. Nikaido\'a0H,\'a0Thanassi\'a0D.G.\'a0Penetration of lipophilic agents with multiple protonation sites into bacterial cells: tetracyclines and fluoroquinolones as examples.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01993;37(7):1393\'961399.\
46. Bergogne-Berezin\'a0E,\'a0Lambert-Zechovsky\'a0N,\'a0Morel\'a0C.\'a0[Pharmacokinetics of antibiotics in bronchial secretions. 250 cases].\'a0La Nouvelle Presse Medicale.\'a01977;6(38):3548.\
47. Hensle\'a0T.W,\'a0Prout\'a0GR.\'a0J.r,\'a0Griffin\'a0P.\'a0Minocycline diffusion into benign prostatic hyperplasia.\'a0The Journal of Urology.\'a01977;118(4):609\'96611.\
48. Hoeprich\'a0P.D,\'a0Warshauer\'a0D.M.\'a0Entry of four tetracyclines into saliva and tears.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01974;5(3):330\'96336.\
49. Steigbigel\'a0N.H,\'a0Reed\'a0C.W,\'a0Finland\'a0M.\'a0Absorption and excretion of five tetracycline analogues in normal young men.\'a0The American Journal of the Medical Sciences.\'a01968;255:296\'96312.\
50. Mahon\'a0W.A,\'a0Johnson\'a0G.E,\'a0Endrenyl\'a0L,\'a0Kelly\'a0M.F,\'a0Fenton\'a0S.S.\'a0The elimination of tritiated doxycycline in normal subjects and in patients with severely impaired renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):24\'9631.\
51. Saivin\'a0S,\'a0Houin\'a0G.\'a0Clinical pharmacokinetics of doxycycline and minocycline.\'a0Clin Pharmacokinet.\'a01988;15(6):355\'96366.\
52. CLSI, .\'a0Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; Thirty-Second Informational Supplement.\'a0Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute;\'a02022.\
53. Diekema\'a0D.J,\'a0Pfaller\'a0M.A,\'a0Schmitz\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Survey of infections due to Staphylococcus species: frequency of occurrence and antimicrobial susceptibility of isolates collected in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, and the Western Pacific Region for the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997\'961999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):114\'96132.\
54. Holmes\'a0R.L,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0J.H.\'a0Inhibitory activities of 11 antimicrobial agents and bactericidal activities of vancomycin and daptomycin against invasive methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates obtained from 1999 through 2006.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(2):757\'96760.\
55. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Palatnick\'a0L,\'a0Nichol\'a0K.A,\'a0Bellyou\'a0T,\'a0Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance in respiratory tract Streptococcus pneumoniae isolates: results of the Canadian Respiratory Organism Susceptibility Study, 1997 to 2002.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(6):1867\'961874.\
56. Koeth\'a0L.M,\'a0Felmingham\'a0D,\'a0Jacobs\'a0M.R,\'a0Rossi\'a0F.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae in Sao Paulo, Brazil from 1996 to 2000.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):356\'96361.\
57. Jones\'a0R.N,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R.\'a0Doxycycline use for community-acquired pneumonia: contemporary in\'a0vitro spectrum of activity against Streptococcus pneumoniae (1999-2002).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02004;49(2):147\'96149.\
58. Wimmerstedt\'a0A,\'a0Kahlmeter\'a0G.\'a0Associated antimicrobial resistance in Escherichia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus pyogenes.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02008;14(4):315\'96321.\
59. Persson\'a0E,\'a0Berg\'a0S,\'a0Bergseng\'a0H,\'a0Bergh\'a0K,\'a0Valso-Lyng\'a0R,\'a0Trollfors\'a0B.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of invasive group B streptococcal isolates from south-west Sweden 1988-2001.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02008;40(4):308\'96313.\
60. Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Keller\'a0N,\'a0Barth\'a0A,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Clinical prevalence, antimicrobial susceptibility, and geographic resistance patterns of enterococci: results from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997-1999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):S133\'96S145.\
61. Holmberg\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0Antimicrobial in\'a0vitro susceptibility of Actinomyces israelii and Arachnia propionica.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01977;9(1):40\'9645.\
62. Vitas\'a0A.I,\'a0Sanchez\'a0R.M,\'a0Aguado\'a0V,\'a0Garcia-Jalon\'a0I.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of Listeria monocytogenes isolated from food and clinical cases in Navarra, Spain.\'a0J Food Prot.\'a02007;70(10):2402\'962406.\
63. Mohammed\'a0M.J,\'a0Marston\'a0C.K,\'a0Popovic\'a0T,\'a0Weyant\'a0R.S,\'a0Tenover\'a0F.C.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Bacillus anthracis: comparison of results obtained by using the National Committee for Clinical Laboratory Standards broth microdilution reference and Etest agar gradient diffusion methods.\'a0J Clin Microbiol.\'a02002;40(6):1902\'961907.\
64. Frean\'a0J,\'a0Klugman\'a0K.P,\'a0Arntzen\'a0L,\'a0Bukofzer\'a0S.\'a0Susceptibility of Bacillus anthracis to eleven antimicrobial agents including novel fluoroquinolones and a ketolide.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(2):297\'96299.\
65. Hernandez\'a0E,\'a0Girardet\'a0M,\'a0Ramisse\'a0F,\'a0Vidal\'a0D,\'a0Cavallo\'a0J.D.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibilities of 94 isolates of Yersinia pestis to 24 antimicrobial agents.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(6):1029\'961031.\
66. Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Vinh\'a0D.X,\'a0Nguyen\'a0T.T,\'a0Wain\'a0J,\'a0Thung\'a0D,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibilities of strains of Yersinia pestis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(9):2153\'962154.\
67. Schonberg-Norio\'a0D,\'a0Hanninen\'a0M.L,\'a0Katila\'a0M.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Activities of telithromycin, erythromycin, fluoroquinolones, and doxycycline against Campylobacter strains isolated from Finnish subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(3):1086\'961088.\
68. Morris\'a0Jr.\'a0J.G.\'a0Black RE. Cholera and other vibrioses in the United States.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01985;312(6):343\'96350.\
69. Ottaviani\'a0D,\'a0Bacchiocchi\'a0I,\'a0Masini\'a0L,\'a0et al.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of potentially pathogenic halophilic vibrios isolated from seafood.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;18(2):135\'96140.\
70. Midani\'a0S,\'a0Rathore\'a0M.H.\'a0Vibrio species infection of a catfish spine puncture wound.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01994;13(4):333\'96334.\
71. Fernandez-Cuenca\'a0F,\'a0Tomas-Carmona\'a0M,\'a0Caballero-Moyano\'a0F,\'a0et al.\'a0[In vitro activity of 18 antimicrobial agents against clinical isolates of Acinetobacter spp.: multicenter national study GEIH-REIPI-Ab 2010.].\'a0Enferm Infecc Microbiol Clin.\'a02012.\
72. Jenney\'a0A.W,\'a0Lum\'a0G,\'a0Fisher\'a0D.A,\'a0Currie\'a0B.J.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibility of Burkholderia pseudomallei from tropical northern Australia and implications for therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;17(2):109\'96113.\
73. Nicodemo\'a0A.C,\'a0Araujo\'a0M.R,\'a0Ruiz\'a0A.S,\'a0Gales\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia isolates: comparison of disc diffusion, Etest and agar dilution methods.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02004;53(4):604\'96608.\
74. Janda\'a0J.M,\'a0Guthertz\'a0L.S,\'a0Kokka\'a0R.P,\'a0Shimada\'a0T.\'a0Aeromonas species in septicemia: laboratory characteristics and clinical observations.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01994;19(1):77\'9683.\
75. Flamm\'a0R.K,\'a0Castanheira\'a0M,\'a0Streit\'a0J.M,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Minocycline activity tested against Acinetobacter baumannii complex, Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, and Burkholderia cepacia species complex isolates from a global surveillance program (2013).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02016;85(3):352\'96355.\
76. Li\'a0X.Z,\'a0Livermore\'a0D.M,\'a0Nikaido\'a0H.\'a0Role of efflux pump(s) in intrinsic resistance of Pseudomonas aeruginosa: resistance to tetracycline, chloramphenicol, and norfloxacin.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(8):1732\'961741.\'a0Page 351.e2.\
77. Schaumann\'a0R,\'a0Ackermann\'a0G,\'a0Pless\'a0B,\'a0Claros\'a0M.C,\'a0Goldstein\'a0E.J,\'a0Rodloff\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of fourteen antimicrobial agents against obligately anaerobic bacteria.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(3):225\'96232.\
78. Baykam\'a0N,\'a0Esener\'a0H,\'a0Ergonul\'a0O,\'a0Eren\'a0S,\'a0Celikbas\'a0A.K,\'a0Dokuzoguz\'a0B.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibility of Brucella species.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):405\'96407.\
79. Dorbecker\'a0C,\'a0Sander\'a0A,\'a0Oberle\'a0K,\'a0Schulin-Casonato\'a0T.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Bartonella species to 17 antimicrobial compounds: comparison of Etest and agar dilution.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(4):784\'96788.\
80. Bebear\'a0C,\'a0Pereyre\'a0S,\'a0Peuchant\'a0O.\'a0Mycoplasma pneumoniae: susceptibility and resistance to antibiotics.\'a0Future Microbiology.\'a02011;6(4):423\'96431.\
81. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Bryskier\'a0A,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0Comparative activities of telithromycin (HMR 3647), levofloxacin, and other antimicrobial agents against human mycoplasmas.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(7):1980\'961982.\
82. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Charron\'a0A,\'a0Gruson\'a0D,\'a0Lefrancois\'a0M,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of trovafloxacin compared to those of five antimicrobials against mycoplasmas including Mycoplasma hominis and Ureaplasma urealyticum fluoroquinolone-resistant isolates that have been genetically characterized.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(9):2557\'962560.\
83. Schulin\'a0T,\'a0Wennersten\'a0C.B,\'a0Ferraro\'a0M.J,\'a0Moellering\'a0Jr.\'a0R.C,\'a0Eliopoulos\'a0G.M.\'a0Susceptibilities of Legionella spp. to newer antimicrobials in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01998;42(6):1520\'961523.\
84. Critchley\'a0I.A,\'a0Jones\'a0M.E,\'a0Heinze\'a0P.D,\'a0et al.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of levofloxacin against contemporary clinical isolates of Legionella pneumophila, Mycoplasma pneumoniae and Chlamydia pneumoniae from North America and Europe.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02002;8(4):214\'96221.\
85. Roblin\'a0P.M,\'a0Hammerschlag\'a0M.R.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of GAR-936 against Chlamydia pneumoniae and Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(1):61\'9663.\
86. Butaye\'a0P,\'a0Ducatelle\'a0R,\'a0De Backer\'a0P,\'a0Vermeersch\'a0H,\'a0Remon\'a0J.P,\'a0Haesebrouck\'a0F.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of doxycycline and enrofloxacin against European Chlamydia psittaci strains from turkeys.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01997;41(12):2800\'962801.\
87. Samra\'a0Z,\'a0Rosenberg\'a0S,\'a0Soffer\'a0Y,\'a0Dan\'a0M.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of recent clinical isolates of Chlamydia trachomatis to macrolides and tetracyclines.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02001;39(3):177\'96179.\
88. Wormser\'a0G.P,\'a0Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Dattwyler\'a0R.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Practice guidelines for the treatment of Lyme disease. The infectious diseases society of America.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02000;31(Suppl 1):1\'9614.\
89. Ates\'a0L,\'a0Hanssen-Hubner\'a0C,\'a0Norris\'a0D.E,\'a0Richter\'a0D,\'a0Kraiczy\'a0P,\'a0Hunfeld\'a0K.P.\'a0Comparison of in\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline, doxycycline, and tetracycline against the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi.\'a0Ticks Tick Borne Dis.\'a02010;1(1):30\'9634.\
90. Murray\'a0C.K,\'a0Ellis\'a0M.W,\'a0Hospenthal\'a0D.R.\'a0Susceptibility of Leptospira serovars to antimalarial agents.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02004;71(5):685\'96686.\
91. Norris\'a0S.J,\'a0Edmondson\'a0D.G.\'a0In\'a0vitro culture system to determine MICs and MBCs of antimicrobial agents against Treponema pallidum subsp. pallidum (Nichols strain).\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01988;32(1):68\'9674.\
92. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Roussellier\'a0P,\'a0Vestris\'a0G,\'a0Tamalet\'a0J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antibiotic susceptibility of Rickettsia rickettsii and Rickettsia conorii: plaque assay and microplaque colorimetric assay.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01987;155(5):1059\'961062.\
93. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Drancourt\'a0M.\'a0Antimicrobial therapy of rickettsial diseases.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01991;35(12):2457\'962462.\
94. Branger\'a0S,\'a0Rolain\'a0J.M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Evaluation of antibiotic susceptibilities of Ehrlichia canis, Ehrlichia chaffeensis, and Anaplasma phagocytophilum by real-time PCR.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02004;48(12):4822\'964828.\
95. Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J.\'a0Clinical and taxonomic status of pathogenic nonpigmented or late-pigmenting rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a02002;15(4):716\'96746.\
96. Uslan\'a0D.Z,\'a0Kowalski\'a0T.J,\'a0Wengenack\'a0N.L,\'a0Virk\'a0A,\'a0Wilson\'a0J.W.\'a0Skin and soft tissue infections due to rapidly growing mycobacteria: comparison of clinical features, treatment, and susceptibility.\'a0Archives of Dermatology.\'a02006;142(10):1287\'961292.\
97. Wallace\'a0R.J,\'a0Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Crist\'a0C.J,\'a0Mann\'a0L,\'a0Wilson\'a0R.W.\'a0Comparison of the in\'a0vitro activity of the glycylcycline tigecycline (Formerly GAR-936) with those of tetracycline, minocycline, and doxycycline against isolates of nontuberculous mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02002;46(10):3164\'963167.\
98. Rhomberg\'a0P.R,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of 11 antimicrobial agents, including gatifloxacin and GAR936, tested against clinical isolates of Mycobacterium marinum.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02002;42(2):145\'96147.\
99. da Silva Telles\'a0M.A,\'a0Chimara\'a0E,\'a0Ferrazoli\'a0L,\'a0Riley\'a0L.W.\'a0Mycobacterium kansasii: antibiotic susceptibility and PCR-restriction analysis of clinical isolates.\'a0J Med Microbiol.\'a02005;54(Pt 10):975\'96979.\
100. Balabanova\'a0Y,\'a0Ruddy\'a0M,\'a0Hubb\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in Russia: clinical characteristics, analysis of second-line drug resistance and development of standardized therapy.\'a0Eur J Clin Microbiol.\'a02005;24(2):136\'96139.\
101. Walker\'a0N.F,\'a0Clark\'a0S.O,\'a0Oni\'a0T,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline and HIV infection suppress tuberculosis-induced matrix metalloproteinases.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02012;185(9):989\'96997.\
102. Brown\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J,\'a0Onyi\'a0G.\'a0Activities of the glycylcyclines N,N-dimethylglycylamido-minocycline and N,N-dimethylglycylamido-6-demethyl-6-deoxytetracycline against Nocardia spp. and tetracycline-resistant isolates of rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01996;40(4):874\'96878.\
103. Cercenado\'a0E,\'a0Marin\'a0M,\'a0Sanchez-Martinez\'a0M,\'a0Cuevas\'a0O,\'a0Martinez-Alarcon\'a0J,\'a0Bouza\'a0E.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline and eight other antimicrobials against different Nocardia species identified by molecular methods.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02007;51(3):1102\'961104.\
104. Chang\'a0H.R,\'a0Comte\'a0R,\'a0Pechere\'a0J.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro and in\'a0vivo effects of doxycycline on Toxoplasma gondii.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01990;34(5):775\'96780.\
105. Edlind\'a0T.D.\'a0Tetracyclines as antiparasitic agents: lipophilic derivatives are highly active against Giardia lamblia in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(12):2144\'962145.\
106. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hawkey\'a0P.M,\'a0Hinton\'a0M.\'a0Tetracyclines, molecular and clinical aspects.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01992;29(3):245\'96277.\
107. Metlay\'a0J.P,\'a0Waterer\'a0G.W,\'a0Long\'a0A.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Diagnosis and treatment of adults with community-acquired pneumonia. An official clinical practice guideline of the American Thoracic Society and Infectious Diseases Society of America.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02019;200(7):e45\'96e67.\
108. Choi\'a0S.H,\'a0Cesar\'a0A,\'a0Snow\'a0T.A.C,\'a0Saleem\'a0N,\'a0Arulkumaran\'a0N,\'a0Singer\'a0M.\'a0Efficacy of doxycycline for mild-to-moderate community-acquired pneumonia in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02022.\
109. Klein\'a0N.C,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Treatment of legionnaires\'92 disease.\'a0Semin Respir Infect.\'a01998;13(2):140\'96146.\
110. Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0The atypical pneumonias: clinical diagnosis and importance.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02006;12(Suppl 3):12\'9624.\
111. Shames\'a0J.M,\'a0George\'a0R.B,\'a0Holliday\'a0W.B,\'a0Rasch\'a0J.R,\'a0Mogabgab\'a0W.J.\'a0Comparison of antibiotics in the treatment of mycoplasmal pneumonia.\'a0Arch Intern Med.\'a01970;125(4):680\'96684.\
112. Jawetz\'a0E.\'a0Chemotherapy of chlamydial infections.\'a0Adv Pharmacol Chemother.\'a01969;7:253\'96282.\
113. Yung\'a0A.P,\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L.\'a0Psittacosis--a review of 135 cases.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01988;148(5):228\'96233.\
114. Khatib\'a0R,\'a0Thirumoorthi\'a0M.C,\'a0Kelly\'a0B,\'a0Grady\'a0K.J.\'a0Severe psittacosis during pregnancy and suppression of antibody response with early therapy.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01995;27(5):519\'96521.\
115. Lindenbaum\'a0J,\'a0Greenough\'a0W.B,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Antibiotic therapy of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01967;36(6):871\'96883.\
116. McCormack\'a0W.M,\'a0Chowdhury\'a0A.M,\'a0Jahangir\'a0N,\'a0Ahmed\'a0A.B,\'a0Mosley\'a0W.H.\'a0Tetracycline prophylaxis in families of cholera patients.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01968;38(5):787\'96792.\
117. Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Single dose tetracycline in cholera.\'a0Gut.\'a01987;28(8):1029\'961032.\
118. Rabbani\'a0G.H,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R,\'a0Butler\'a0T,\'a0Shahrier\'a0M,\'a0Alam\'a0K.\'a0Single-dose treatment of cholera with furazolidone or tetracycline in a double-blind randomized trial.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(9):1447\'961450.\
119. De\'a0S,\'a0Chaudhuri\'a0A,\'a0Dutta\'a0P,\'a0Dutta\'a0D,\'a0De\'a0S.P,\'a0Pal\'a0S.C.\'a0Doxycycline in the treatment of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01976;54(2):177\'96179.\
120. Yamamoto\'a0T,\'a0Nair\'a0G.B,\'a0Albert\'a0M.J,\'a0Parodi\'a0C.C,\'a0Takeda\'a0Y.\'a0Survey of in\'a0vitro susceptibilities of Vibrio cholerae O1 and O139 to antimicrobial agents.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(1):241\'96244.\
121. Gisbert\'a0J.P,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Gomollon\'a0F,\'a0Sainz\'a0R.\'a0[Treatment for the eradication of Helicobacter pylori. Recommendations of the Spanish consensus conference].\'a0Medicina Clinica.\'a02000;114(5):185\'96195.\
122. Gene\'a0E,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Azagra\'a0R,\'a0Gisbert\'a0J.P.\'a0Triple vs. quadruple therapy for treating Helicobacter pylori infection: a meta-analysis.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02003;17(9):1137\'961143.\
123. Cammarota\'a0G,\'a0Martino\'a0A,\'a0Pirozzi\'a0G,\'a0et al.\'a0High efficacy of 1-week doxycycline- and amoxicillin-based quadruple regimen in a culture-guided, third-line treatment approach for Helicobacter pylori infection.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02004;19(7):789\'96795.\
124. Sack\'a0D.A,\'a0Kaminsky\'a0D.C,\'a0Sack\'a0R.B,\'a0et al.\'a0Prophylactic doxycycline for travelers\'92 diarrhea. Results of a prospective double-blind study of Peace Corps volunteers in Kenya.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01978;298(14):758\'96763.\
125. Doernberg\'a0S.B,\'a0Winston\'a0L.G,\'a0Deck\'a0D.H,\'a0Chambers\'a0H.F.\'a0Does doxycycline protect against development of Clostridium difficile infection?\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02012;55(5):615\'96620.\
126. Baxter\'a0R,\'a0Ray\'a0G.T,\'a0Fireman\'a0B.H.\'a0Case-control study of antibiotic use and subsequent Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea in hospitalized patients.\'a0Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol.\'a02008;29(1):44\'9650.\
127. Tariq\'a0R,\'a0Cho\'a0J,\'a0Kapoor\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0Low risk of primary Clostridium difficile infection with tetracyclines: a systematic review and Metaanalysis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02018;66(4):514\'96522.\
128. Workowski\'a0K.A,\'a0Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Chan\'a0P.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021.\'a0MMWR Recommendations and Reports.\'a02021;70(4):1\'96187.\
129. Lau\'a0C.Y,\'a0Qureshi\'a0A.K.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for genital chlamydial infections: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a02002;29(9):497\'96502.\
130. Geisler\'a0W.M,\'a0Uniyal\'a0A,\'a0Lee\'a0J.Y,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for urogenital Chlamydia trachomatis infection.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02015;373(26):2512\'962521.\
131. Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Stephens\'a0J,\'a0Richey\'a0C.M,\'a0Hook\'a0E.W.\'a03rd. Measured versus self-reported compliance with doxycycline therapy for chlamydia-associated syndromes: high therapeutic success rates despite poor compliance.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a01999;26(5):272\'96278.\
132. Lau\'a0A,\'a0Kong\'a0F.Y.S,\'a0Fairley\'a0C.K,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin or doxycycline for asymptomatic rectal Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02021;384(25):2418\'962427.\
133. Dombrowski\'a0J.C,\'a0Wierzbicki\'a0M.R,\'a0Newman\'a0L.M,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of Rectal Chlamydia in men who have sex with men: a randomized controlled trial.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02021;73(5):824\'96831.\
134. Peuchant\'a0O,\'a0Lhomme\'a0E,\'a0Martinet\'a0P,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of anorectal Chlamydia trachomatis infection in women concurrent with vaginal infection (CHLAZIDOXY study): a multicentre, open-label, randomised, controlled, superiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02022;22(8):1221\'961230.\
135. Taylor-Robinson\'a0D,\'a0Furr\'a0P.M.\'a0Clinical antibiotic resistance of Ureaplasma urealyticum.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01986;5(6 Suppl):S335\'96S337.\
136. Wikstrom\'a0A,\'a0Jensen\'a0J.S.\'a0Mycoplasma genitalium: a common cause of persistent urethritis among men treated with doxycycline.\'a0Sex Transm. Infect.\'a02006;82(4):276\'96279.\
137. Bjornelius\'a0E,\'a0Anagrius\'a0C,\'a0Bojs\'a0G,\'a0et al.\'a0Antibiotic treatment of symptomatic Mycoplasma genitalium infection in Scandinavia: a controlled clinical trial.\'a0Sex Transm Infect.\'a02008;84(1):72\'9676.\
138. Orellana\'a0M.A,\'a0Gomez-Lus\'a0M.L.\'a0Which is the best empirical treatment in patients with urethritis?\'a0Rev Esp Quim.\'a02011;24(3):136\'96142.\
139. Newman\'a0L.M,\'a0Moran\'a0J.S,\'a0Workowski\'a0K.A.\'a0Update on the management of gonorrhea in adults in the United States.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02007;44(Suppl 3):S84\'96S101.\
140. Bolan\'a0R.K,\'a0Beymer\'a0M.R,\'a0Weiss\'a0R.E,\'a0Flynn\'a0R.P,\'a0Leibowitz\'a0A.A,\'a0Klausner\'a0J.D.\'a0Doxycycline prophylaxis to reduce incident syphilis among HIV-infected men who have sex with men who continue to engage in high-risk sex: a randomized, controlled pilot study.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a02015;42(2):98\'96103.\
141. Molina\'a0J.M,\'a0Charreau\'a0I,\'a0Chidiac\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0Post-exposure prophylaxis with doxycycline to prevent sexually transmitted infections in men who have sex with men: an open-label randomised substudy of the ANRS IPERGAY trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02018;18(3):308\'96317.\
142. Luetkemeyer\'a0A.F,\'a0Donnell\'a0D,\'a0Dombrowski\'a0J.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Postexposure doxycycline to prevent bacterial sexually transmitted infections.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02023;388(14):1296\'961306.\
143. Greaves\'a0A.B,\'a0Hilleman\'a0M.R,\'a0Taggart\'a0S.R,\'a0Bankhead\'a0A.B,\'a0Feld\'a0M.\'a0Chemotherapy in bubonic lymphogranuloma venereum: a clinical and serological evaluation.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01957;16(2):277\'96289.\
144. Ness\'a0R.B,\'a0Soper\'a0D.E,\'a0Holley\'a0R.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Effectiveness of inpatient and outpatient treatment strategies for women with pelvic inflammatory disease: results from the Pelvic Inflammatory Disease Evaluation and Clinical Health (PEACH) Randomized Trial.\'a0Am J Obstet Gynecol.\'a02002;186(5):929\'96937.\
145. Lantos\'a0P.M,\'a0Rumbaugh\'a0J,\'a0Bockenstedt\'a0L.K,\'a0et al.\'a0Clinical practice guidelines by the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA), American Academy of Neurology (AAN), and American College of Rheumatology (ACR): 2020 guidelines for the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of Lyme disease.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02021;72(1):1\'968.\'a0Page 351.e3.\
146. Stupica\'a0D,\'a0Collinet-Adler\'a0S,\'a0Blagus\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of erythema migrans with doxycycline for 7 days versus 14 days in Slovenia: a randomised open-label non-inferiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02022.\
147. Steere\'a0A.C,\'a0Levin\'a0R.E,\'a0Molloy\'a0P.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of Lyme arthritis.\'a0Arthritis Rheumatol.\'a01994;37(6):878\'96888.\
148. Karlsson\'a0M,\'a0Hammers-Berggren\'a0S,\'a0Lindquist\'a0L,\'a0Stiernstedt\'a0G,\'a0Svenungsson\'a0B.\'a0Comparison of intravenous penicillin G and oral doxycycline for treatment of Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Neurology.\'a01994;44(7):1203\'961207.\
149. Lj\'f8stad\'a0U,\'a0Skogvoll\'a0E,\'a0Eikeland\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Oral doxycycline versus intravenous ceftriaxone for European Lyme neuroborreliosis: a multicentre, non-inferiority, double-blind, randomised trial.\'a0Lancet Neurol.\'a02008;7(8):690\'96695.\
150. Bremell\'a0D,\'a0Dotevall\'a0L.\'a0Oral doxycycline for Lyme neuroborreliosis with symptoms of encephalitis, myelitis, vasculitis or intracranial hypertension.\'a0Eur Neurol.\'a02014;21(9):1162\'961167.\
151. Berende\'a0A,\'a0ter Hofstede\'a0H.J,\'a0Vos\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Randomized trial of longer-term therapy for symptoms attributed to Lyme disease.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02016;374(13):1209\'961220.\
152. Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Nowakowski\'a0J,\'a0Fish\'a0D,\'a0et al.\'a0Prophylaxis with single-dose doxycycline for the prevention of Lyme disease after an Ixodes scapularis tick bite.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02001;345(2):79\'9684.\
153. Perine\'a0P.L,\'a0Teklu\'a0B.\'a0Antibiotic treatment of louse-borne relapsing fever in Ethiopia: a report of 377 cases.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a01983;32(5):1096\'961100.\
154. Zenker\'a0P.N,\'a0Rolfs\'a0R.T.\'a0Treatment of syphilis, 1989.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01990;12(Suppl 6):S590\'96S609.\
155. Ghanem\'a0K.G,\'a0Erbelding\'a0E.J,\'a0Cheng\'a0W.W,\'a0Rompalo\'a0A.M.\'a0Doxycycline compared with benzathine penicillin for the treatment of early syphilis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02006;42(6):e45\'96e49.\
156. Psomas\'a0K.C,\'a0Brun\'a0M,\'a0Causse\'a0A,\'a0Atoui\'a0N,\'a0Reynes\'a0J,\'a0Le Moing\'a0V.\'a0Efficacy of ceftriaxone and doxycycline in the treatment of early syphilis.\'a0Med Mal Infect.\'a02012;42(1):15\'9619.\
157. Kang-Birken\'a0S.L,\'a0Castel\'a0U,\'a0Prichard\'a0J.G.\'a0Oral doxycycline for treatment of neurosyphilis in two patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02010;30(4):119e\'96122e.\
158. Girometti\'a0N,\'a0Junejo\'a0M.H,\'a0Nugent\'a0D,\'a0McOwan\'a0A,\'a0Whitlock\'a0G.\'a0Clinical and serological outcomes in patients treated with oral doxycycline for early neurosyphilis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02021;76(7):1916\'961919.\
159. De\'a0M.A,\'a0Solaro\'a0C,\'a0Abbruzzese\'a0M,\'a0Primavera\'a0A.\'a0Minocycline for symptomatic neurosyphilis in patients allergic to penicillin.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01997;337(18):1322\'961323.\
160. Farnsworth\'a0N,\'a0Rosen\'a0T.\'a0Endemic treponematosis: review and update.\'a0Clinics in Dermatology.\'a02006;24(3):181\'96190.\
161. Suputtamongkol\'a0Y,\'a0Niwattayakul\'a0K,\'a0Suttinont\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0An open, randomized, controlled trial of penicillin, doxycycline, and cefotaxime for patients with severe leptospirosis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02004;39(10):1417\'961424.\
162. Brett-Major\'a0D.M,\'a0Lipnick\'a0R.J.\'a0Antibiotic prophylaxis for leptospirosis.\'a0Cochrane Database Syst Rev.\'a02009(3):Cd007342.\
163. Griffith\'a0K.S,\'a0Lewis\'a0L.S,\'a0Mali\'a0S,\'a0Parise\'a0M.E.\'a0Treatment of malaria in the United States: a systematic review.\'a0JAMA.\'a02007;297(20):2264\'962277.\
164. Pukrittayakamee\'a0S,\'a0Clemens\'a0R,\'a0Chantra\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Therapeutic responses to antibacterial drugs in vivax malaria.\'a0Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg.\'a02001;95(5):524\'96528.\
165. Ohrt\'a0C,\'a0Richie\'a0T.L,\'a0Widjaja\'a0H,\'a0et al.\'a0Mefloquine compared with doxycycline for the prophylaxis of malaria in Indonesian soldiers. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01997;126(12):963\'96972.\
166. Sonmez\'a0A,\'a0Harlak\'a0A,\'a0Kilic\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0The efficacy and tolerability of doxycycline and mefloquine in malaria prophylaxis of the ISAF troops in Afghanistan.\'a0J Infect Res.\'a02005;51(3):253\'96258.\
167. Rieckmann\'a0K.H,\'a0Yeo\'a0A.E,\'a0Davis\'a0D.R,\'a0Hutton\'a0D.C,\'a0Wheatley\'a0P.F,\'a0Simpson\'a0R.\'a0Recent military experience with malaria chemoprophylaxis.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01993;158(7):446\'96449.\
168. Pang\'a0L.W,\'a0Limsomwong\'a0N,\'a0Boudreau\'a0E.F,\'a0Singharaj\'a0P.\'a0Doxycycline prophylaxis for falciparum malaria.\'a0Lancet.\'a01987;1(8543):1161\'961164.\
169. Pang\'a0L,\'a0Limsomwong\'a0N,\'a0Singharaj\'a0P.\'a0Prophylactic treatment of vivax and falciparum malaria with low-dose doxycycline.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01988;158(5):1124\'961127.\
170. Shmuklarsky\'a0M.J,\'a0Boudreau\'a0E.F,\'a0Pang\'a0L.W,\'a0et al.\'a0Failure of doxycycline as a causal prophylactic agent against Plasmodium falciparum malaria in healthy nonimmune volunteers.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01994;120(4):294\'96299.\
171. Tan\'a0K.R,\'a0Magill\'a0A.J,\'a0Parise\'a0M.E,\'a0Arguin\'a0P.M.\'a0Doxycycline for malaria chemoprophylaxis and treatment: report from the CDC expert meeting on malaria chemoprophylaxis.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02011;84(4):517\'96531.\
172. Fan\'a0M.Y,\'a0Walker\'a0D.H,\'a0Yu\'a0S.R,\'a0Liu\'a0Q.H.\'a0Epidemiology and ecology of rickettsial diseases in the People\'92s Republic of China.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(4):823\'96840.\
173. Gudiol\'a0F,\'a0Pallares\'a0R,\'a0Carratala\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Randomized double-blind evaluation of ciprofloxacin and doxycycline for Mediterranean spotted fever.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(6):987\'96988.\
174. Perine\'a0P.L,\'a0Chandler\'a0B.P,\'a0Krause\'a0D.K,\'a0et al.\'a0A clinico-epidemiological study of epidemic typhus in Africa.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01992;14(5):1149\'961158.\
175. Minniear\'a0T.D,\'a0Buckingham\'a0S.C.\'a0Managing rocky mountain spotted fever.\'a0Expert Rev Anti-infect Ther.\'a02009;7(9):1131\'961137.\
176. Ariza\'a0J,\'a0Bosilkovski\'a0M,\'a0Cascio\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Perspectives for the treatment of brucellosis in the 21st century: the Ioannina recommendations.\'a0PLoS Medicine.\'a02007;4(12):e317.\
177. Solera\'a0J,\'a0Martinez-Alfaro\'a0E,\'a0Saez\'a0L.\'a0Meta-analysis of the efficacy of the combination of +rifampicin and doxycycline in the treatment of human brucellosis.\'a0Med Clin.\'a01994;102(19):731\'96738.\
178. Hasanjani Roushan\'a0M.R,\'a0Mohraz\'a0M,\'a0Hajiahmadi\'a0M,\'a0Ramzani\'a0A,\'a0Valayati\'a0A.A.\'a0Efficacy of gentamicin plus doxycycline versus streptomycin plus doxycycline in the treatment of brucellosis in humans.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02006;42(8):1075\'961080.\
179. Hasanain\'a0A,\'a0Mahdy\'a0R,\'a0Mohamed\'a0A,\'a0Ali\'a0M.\'a0A randomized, comparative study of dual therapy (doxycycline-rifampin) versus triple therapy (doxycycline-rifampin-levofloxacin) for treating acute/subacute brucellosis.\'a0Braz J Infect Dis.\'a02016;20(3):250\'96254.\
180. Pappas\'a0G,\'a0Seitaridis\'a0S,\'a0Akritidis\'a0N,\'a0Tsianos\'a0E.\'a0Treatment of brucella spondylitis: lessons from an impossible meta-analysis and initial report of efficacy of a fluoroquinolone-containing regimen.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;24(5):502\'96507.\
181. Powell\'a0O.W,\'a0Kennedy\'a0K.P,\'a0Mc\'a0I.M,\'a0Silverstone\'a0H.\'a0Tetracycline in the treatment of \'93Q\'94 fever.\'a0Australas Ann Med.\'a01962;11:184\'96188.\
182. Spelman\'a0D.W.\'a0Q fever: a study of 111 consecutive cases.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01982;1(13):547\'96548\'a0551, 553.\
183. Maurin\'a0M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Q fever.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a01999;12(4):518\'96553.\
184. Ferrante\'a0M.A,\'a0Dolan\'a0M.J.\'a0Q fever meningoencephalitis in a soldier returning from the Persian Gulf War.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01993;16(4):489\'96496.\
185. Fenollar\'a0F,\'a0Fournier\'a0P.E,\'a0Carrieri\'a0M.P,\'a0Habib\'a0G,\'a0Messana\'a0T,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Risks factors and prevention of Q fever endocarditis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;33(3):312\'96316.\
186. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Houpikian\'a0P,\'a0Tissot Dupont\'a0H,\'a0Riss\'a0J.M,\'a0Arditi-Djiane\'a0J,\'a0Brouqui\'a0P.\'a0Treatment of Q fever endocarditis: comparison of 2 regimens containing doxycycline and ofloxacin or hydroxychloroquine.\'a0Arch Intern Med.\'a01999;159(2):167\'96173.\
187. Chaowagul\'a0W,\'a0Chierakul\'a0W,\'a0Simpson\'a0A.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Open-label randomized trial of oral trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, doxycycline, and chloramphenicol compared with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole and doxycycline for maintenance therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(10):4020\'964025.\
188. Chaowagul\'a0W,\'a0Simpson\'a0A.J,\'a0Suputtamongkol\'a0Y,\'a0Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Angus\'a0B.J,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0A comparison of chloramphenicol, trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, and doxycycline with doxycycline alone as maintenance therapy for melioidosis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01999;29(2):375\'96380.\
189. Fredeking\'a0T.M,\'a0Zavala-Castro\'a0J.E,\'a0Gonzalez-Martinez\'a0P,\'a0et al.\'a0Dengue patients treated with doxycycline showed lower mortality associated to a reduction in IL-6 and TNF levels.\'a0Recent Patents on Anti-infective Drug Discovery.\'a02015;10(1):51\'9658.\
190. Haik\'a0S,\'a0Marcon\'a0G,\'a0Mallet\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline in Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease: a phase 2, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0The Lancet Neurology.\'a02014;13(2):150\'96158.\
191. Varges\'a0D,\'a0Manthey\'a0H,\'a0Heinemann\'a0U,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline in early CJD: a double-blinded randomised phase II and observational study.\'a0J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry Res.\'a02017;88(2):119\'96125.\
192. Ritchie\'a0D.J,\'a0Garavaglia-Wilson\'a0A.\'a0A review of intravenous minocycline for treatment of multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter infections.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02014;59(Suppl 6):S374\'96S380.\
193. Pogue\'a0J.M,\'a0Neelakanta\'a0A,\'a0Mynatt\'a0R.P,\'a0Sharma\'a0S,\'a0Lephart\'a0P,\'a0Kaye\'a0K.S.\'a0Carbapenem-resistance in gram-negative bacilli and intravenous minocycline: an antimicrobial stewardship approach at the Detroit Medical Center.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02014;59(Suppl 6):S388\'96S393.\
194. Hand\'a0E,\'a0Davis\'a0H,\'a0Kim\'a0T,\'a0Duhon\'a0B.\'a0Monotherapy with minocycline or trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole for treatment of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia infections.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02016;71(4):1071\'961075.\
195. Tan\'a0H.H.\'a0Antibacterial therapy for acne: a guide to selection and use of systemic agents.\'a0Am J Clin Dermatol.\'a02003;4(5):307\'96314.\
196. Stewart\'a0D.M,\'a0Torok\'a0H.M,\'a0Weiss\'a0J.S,\'a0Plott\'a0R.T.\'a0Dose-ranging efficacy of new once-daily extended-release minocycline for acne vulgaris.\'a0Cutis.\'a02006;78(4 Suppl):11\'9620.\
197. O\'92Dell\'a0J.R,\'a0Elliott\'a0J.R,\'a0Mallek\'a0J.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of early seropositive rheumatoid arthritis: doxycycline plus methotrexate versus methotrexate alone.\'a0Arthritis and Rheumatism.\'a02006;54(2):621\'96627.\
198. Tilley\'a0B.C,\'a0Alarcon\'a0G.S,\'a0Heyse\'a0S.P,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline in rheumatoid arthritis. A 48-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. MIRA Trial Group.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01995;122(2):81\'9689.\
199. O\'92Dell\'a0J.R,\'a0Paulsen\'a0G,\'a0Haire\'a0C.E,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of early seropositive rheumatoid arthritis with minocycline: four-year followup of a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0Arthritis and Rheumatol.\'a01999;42(8):1691\'961695.\
200. Matsuyama\'a0A,\'a0Sakai\'a0N,\'a0Ishigami\'a0M,\'a0Hiraoka\'a0H,\'a0Yamashita\'a0S.\'a0Minocycline for the treatment of Takayasu arteritis.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a02005;143(5):394\'96395.\
201. Sorensen\'a0P.S,\'a0Sellebjerg\'a0F,\'a0Lycke\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline added to subcutaneous interferon \uc0\u946 -1a in multiple sclerosis: randomized RECYCLINE study.\'a0Eur Neurol.\'a02016;23(5):861\'96870.\
202. Metz\'a0L.M,\'a0Li\'a0D.K.B,\'a0Traboulsee\'a0A.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Trial of minocycline in a clinically isolated syndrome of multiple sclerosis.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02017;376(22):2122\'962133.\
203. Brouillard\'a0J.E,\'a0Terriff\'a0C.M,\'a0Tofan\'a0A,\'a0Garrison\'a0M.W.\'a0Antibiotic selection and resistance issues with fluoroquinolones and doxycycline against bioterrorism agents.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02006;26(1):3\'9614.\
204. Roberts\'a0M.C.\'a0Tetracycline resistance determinants: mechanisms of action, regulation of expression, genetic mobility, and distribution.\'a0FEMS Microbiol Rev.\'a01996;19(1):1\'9624.\
205. Roberts\'a0M.C.\'a0Tetracycline therapy: update.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02003;36(4):462\'96467.\
206. Chopra\'a0I.\'a0New developments in tetracycline antibiotics: glycylcyclines and tetracycline efflux pump inhibitors.\'a0Drug Resistance Updates.\'a02002;5(3\'964):119\'96125.\
207. Paulsen\'a0I.T,\'a0Brown\'a0M.H,\'a0Skurray\'a0R.A.\'a0Proton-dependent multidrug efflux systems.\'a0Microbiol Rev.\'a01996;60(4):575\'96608.\
208. Connell\'a0S.R,\'a0Tracz\'a0D.M,\'a0Nierhaus\'a0K.H,\'a0Taylor\'a0D.E.\'a0Ribosomal protection proteins and their mechanism of tetracycline resistance.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(12):3675\'963681.\
209. Rasmussen\'a0B.A,\'a0Gluzman\'a0Y,\'a0Tally\'a0F.P.\'a0Inhibition of protein synthesis occurring on tetracycline-resistant, TetM-protected ribosomes by a novel class of tetracyclines, the glycylcyclines.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(7):1658\'961660.\
210. Melville\'a0C.M,\'a0Scott\'a0K.P,\'a0Mercer\'a0D.K,\'a0Flint\'a0H.J.\'a0Novel tetracycline resistance gene, tet(32), in the Clostridium-related human colonic anaerobe K10 and its transmission in\'a0vitro to the rumen anaerobe Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02001;45(11):3246\'963249.\
211. Speer\'a0B.S,\'a0Salyers\'a0A.A.\'a0Novel aerobic tetracycline resistance gene that chemically modifies tetracycline.\'a0J Bacter.\'a01989;171(1):148\'96153.\
212. Yang\'a0W,\'a0Moore\'a0I.F,\'a0Koteva\'a0K.P,\'a0Bareich\'a0D.C,\'a0Hughes\'a0D.W,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0TetX is a flavin-dependent monooxygenase conferring resistance to tetracycline antibiotics.\'a0J Biol Chem.\'a02004;279(50):52346\'9652352.\
213. Moore\'a0I.F,\'a0Hughes\'a0D.W,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0Tigecycline is modified by the flavin-dependent monooxygenase TetX.\'a0Biochemistry.\'a02005;44(35):11829\'9611835.\
214. Cohen\'a0S.P,\'a0McMurry\'a0L.M,\'a0Levy\'a0S.B.\'a0marA locus causes decreased expression of OmpF porin in multiple-antibiotic-resistant (Mar) mutants of Escherichia coli.\'a0J Bacteriol.\'a01988;170(12):5416\'965422.\
215. Gerrits\'a0M.M,\'a0de Zoete\'a0M.R,\'a0Arents\'a0N.L,\'a0Kuipers\'a0E.J,\'a0Kusters\'a0J.G.\'a016S rRNA mutation-mediated tetracycline resistance in Helicobacter pylori.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02002;46(9):2996\'963000.\
216. Trieber\'a0C.A,\'a0Taylor\'a0D.E.\'a0Mutations in the 16S rRNA genes of Helicobacter pylori mediate resistance to tetracycline.\'a0J Bacteriol.\'a02002;184(8):2131\'962140.\
217. Smith\'a0K,\'a0Leyden\'a0J.J.\'a0Safety of doxycycline and minocycline: a systematic review.\'a0Clin Therap.\'a02005;27(9):1329\'961342.\
218. Lebrun-Vignes\'a0B,\'a0Kreft-Jais\'a0C,\'a0Castot\'a0A,\'a0Chosidow\'a0O.\'a0Comparative analysis of adverse drug reactions to tetracyclines: results of a French national survey and review of the literature.\'a0Br J Dermatol.\'a02012;166(6):1333\'961341.\
219. Hey\'a0H,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0F,\'a0Sorensen\'a0K,\'a0Hasselbalch\'a0H,\'a0Wamberg\'a0T.\'a0Oesophageal transit of six commonly used tablets and capsules.\'a0Br Med J (Clinical Research Ed).\'a01982;285(6356):1717\'961719.\'a0Page 351.e4.\
220. Winckler\'a0K.\'a0Tetracycline ulcers of the oesophagus, Endoscopy, histology and roentgenology in two cases, and review of the literature.\'a0Endoscopy.\'a01981;13(6):225\'96228.\
221. Fanning\'a0W.L,\'a0Gump\'a0D.W,\'a0Sofferman\'a0R.A.\'a0Side effects of minocycline: a double-blind study.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(4):712\'96717.\
222. Shea\'a0C.R,\'a0Olack\'a0G.A,\'a0Morrison\'a0H,\'a0Chen\'a0N,\'a0Hasan\'a0T.\'a0Phototoxicity of lumidoxycycline.\'a0J Invest Dermatol.\'a01993;101(3):329\'96333.\
223. Bethell\'a0H.J.\'a0Photo-onycholysis caused by demethylchlortetracycline.\'a0Br Med J.\'a01977;2(6079):96.\
224. Fenske\'a0N.A,\'a0Millns\'a0J.L,\'a0Greer\'a0K.E.\'a0Minocycline-induced pigmentation at sites of cutaneous inflammation.\'a0JAMA.\'a01980;244(10):1103\'961106.\
225. Simons\'a0J.J,\'a0Morales\'a0A.\'a0Minocycline and generalized cutaneous pigmentation.\'a0J Am Acad Dermatol.\'a01980;3(3):244\'96247.\
226. Cale\'a0A.E,\'a0Freedman\'a0P.D,\'a0Lumerman\'a0H.\'a0Pigmentation of the jawbones and teeth secondary to minocycline hydrochloride therapy.\'a0Journal of Periodontology.\'a01988;59(2):112\'96114.\
227. Odell\'a0E.W,\'a0Hodgson\'a0R.P,\'a0Haskell\'a0R.\'a0Oral presentation of minocycline-induced black bone disease.\'a0Oral Surgery, Oral Medicine, Oral Pathology, Oral Radiology, and Endodontics.\'a01995;79(4):459\'96461.\
228. Siller\'a0G.M,\'a0Tod\'a0M.A,\'a0Savage\'a0N.W.\'a0Minocycline-induced oral pigmentation.\'a0J Am Acad Dermatol.\'a01994;30(2 Pt 2):350\'96354.\
229. Attwood\'a0H.D.\'a0A black thyroid and minocycline therapy.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01983;1(12):549.\
230. Landas\'a0S.K,\'a0Schelper\'a0R.L,\'a0Tio\'a0F.O,\'a0Turner\'a0J.W,\'a0Moore\'a0K.C,\'a0Bennett-Gray\'a0J.\'a0Black thyroid syndrome: exaggeration of a normal process?\'a0Am J Clin Pathol.\'a01986;85(4):411\'96418.\
231. Demers\'a0P,\'a0Fraser\'a0D,\'a0Goldbloom\'a0R.B,\'a0et al.\'a0Effects of tetracyclines on skeletal growth and dentition. A report by the Nutrition Committee of the Canadian Paediatric Society.\'a0Can Med Assoc.\'a01968;99(17):849\'96854.\
232. Moffitt\'a0J.M,\'a0Cooley\'a0R.O,\'a0Olsen\'a0N.H,\'a0Hefferren\'a0J.J.\'a0Prediction of tetracycline-induced tooth discoloration.\'a0J Am Dent Assoc (1939).\'a01974;88(3):547\'96552.\
233. Witkop\'a0Jr.\'a0C.J,\'a0Wolf\'a0R.O.\'a0Hypoplasia and intrinsic staining of enamel following tetracycline therapy.\'a0JAMA.\'a01963;185:1008\'961011.\
234. McIntosh\'a0H.A,\'a0Storey\'a0E.\'a0Tetracycline-induced tooth changes.4. Discoloration and hypoplasia induced by tetracycline analogues.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01970;1(3):114\'96119.\
235. Grossman\'a0E.R,\'a0Walchek\'a0A,\'a0Freedman\'a0H.\'a0Tetracyclines and permanent teeth: the relation between dose and tooth color.\'a0Pediatrics.\'a01971;47(3):567\'96570.\
236. Todd\'a0S.R,\'a0Dahlgren\'a0F.S,\'a0Traeger\'a0M.S,\'a0et al.\'a0No visible dental staining in children treated with doxycycline for suspected Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a02015;166(5):1246\'961251.\
237. Volovitz\'a0B,\'a0Shkap\'a0R,\'a0Amir\'a0J,\'a0Calderon\'a0S,\'a0Varsano\'a0I,\'a0Nussinovitch\'a0M.\'a0Absence of tooth staining with doxycycline treatment in young children.\'a0Clin Pediatr.\'a02007;46(2):121\'96126.\
238. Toaff\'a0R,\'a0Ravid\'a0R.\'a0Tetracyclines and the teeth.\'a0Lancet.\'a01966;2(7457):281\'96282.\
239. Cohlan\'a0S.Q.\'a0Teratogenic agents and congenital malformations.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a01963;63:650\'96659.\
240. Schultz\'a0J.C,\'a0Adamson\'a0JS.\'a0J.r,\'a0Workman\'a0W.W,\'a0Norman\'a0T.D.\'a0Fatal liver disease after intravenous administration of tetracycline in high dosage.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01963;269:999\'961004.\
241. Carson\'a0J.L,\'a0Strom\'a0B.L,\'a0Duff\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Acute liver disease associated with erythromycins, sulfonamides, and tetracyclines.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01993;119(7 Pt 1):576\'96583.\
242. Vial\'a0T,\'a0Biour\'a0M,\'a0Descotes\'a0J,\'a0Trepo\'a0C.\'a0Antibiotic-associated hepatitis: update from 1990.\'a0Ann Pharmacother.\'a01997;31(2):204\'96220.\
243. Shils\'a0M.E.\'a0Renal disease and the metabolic effects of tetracycline.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01963;58:389\'96408.\
244. Montoliu\'a0J,\'a0Carrera\'a0M,\'a0Darnell\'a0A,\'a0Revert\'a0L.\'a0Lactic acidosis and Fanconi\'92s syndrome due to degraded tetracycline.\'a0Br. Med. J (Clinical Research Ed).\'a01981;283(6306):1576\'961577.\
245. Lander\'a0C.M.\'a0Minocycline-induced benign intracranial hypertension.\'a0Exp Neurol.\'a01989;26:161\'96167.\
246. Koch-Weser\'a0J,\'a0Gilmore\'a0E.B.\'a0Benign intracranial hypertension in an adult after tetracycline therapy.\'a0JAMA.\'a01967;200(4):345\'96347.\
247. Chiu\'a0A.M,\'a0Chuenkongkaew\'a0W.L,\'a0Cornblath\'a0W.T,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline treatment and pseudotumor cerebri syndrome.\'a0Am J Ophthalmol.\'a01998;126(1):116\'96121.\
248. Kesler\'a0A,\'a0Goldhammer\'a0Y,\'a0Hadayer\'a0A,\'a0Pianka\'a0P.\'a0The outcome of pseudotumor cerebri induced by tetracycline therapy.\'a0Acta Neurologica Scandinavica.\'a02004;110(6):408\'96411.\
249. Lochhead\'a0J,\'a0Elston\'a0J.S.\'a0Doxycycline induced intracranial hypertension.\'a0BMJ (Clinical Research Ed).\'a02003;326(7390):641\'96642.\
250. Knowles\'a0S.R,\'a0Shapiro\'a0L,\'a0Shear\'a0N.H.\'a0Serious adverse reactions induced by minocycline. Report of 13 patients and review of the literature.\'a0Arch Dermatol.\'a01996;132(8):934\'96939.\
251. Fellner\'a0M.J,\'a0Baer\'a0R.L.\'a0Anaphylactic reaction to tetracycline in a penicillin-allergic patient: immunologic studies.\'a0JAMA.\'a01965;192:997\'96998.\
252. Cac\'a0N.N,\'a0Messingham\'a0M.J,\'a0Sniezek\'a0P.J,\'a0Walling\'a0H.W.\'a0Stevens-Johnson syndrome induced by doxycycline.\'a0Cutis.\'a02007;79(2):119\'96122.\
253. Czeizel\'a0A.E,\'a0Rockenbauer\'a0M.\'a0Teratogenic study of doxycycline.\'a0Obstet Gynecol.\'a01997;89(4):524\'96528.\
254. Rosa\'a0F.\'a0Drugs in Pregnancy and Lactation: A Reference Guide to Fetal and Neonatal Risk.\'a0Philadelphia (PA):\'a0Lippincott Williams & Wilkins;\'a02002.\
255. Kaundinnyayana\'a0S,\'a0Kamath\'a0A.\'a0Doxycycline use and adverse pregnancy or neonatal outcomes: a descriptive study using the United States Food and Drug Administration Adverse Event Reporting System database.\'a0Health Sci Rep.\'a02022;5(6):e931.\
256. Ellis-Grosse\'a0E.J,\'a0Babinchak\'a0T,\'a0Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Rose\'a0G,\'a0Loh\'a0E.\'a0The efficacy and safety of tigecycline in the treatment of skin and skin-structure infections: results of 2 double-blind phase 3 comparison studies with vancomycin-aztreonam.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02005;41(Suppl 5):S341\'96S353.\
257. Babinchak\'a0T,\'a0Ellis-Grosse\'a0E,\'a0Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Rose\'a0G.M,\'a0Loh\'a0E.\'a0The efficacy and safety of tigecycline for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections: analysis of pooled clinical trial data.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02005;41(Suppl 5):S354\'96S367.\
258. Tanaseanu\'a0C,\'a0Bergallo\'a0C,\'a0Teglia\'a0O,\'a0et al.\'a0Integrated results of 2 phase 3 studies comparing tigecycline and levofloxacin in community-acquired pneumonia.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02008;61(3):329\'96338.\
259. Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Castaing\'a0N,\'a0Gandjini\'a0H,\'a0Cooper\'a0A.\'a0Tigecycline versus levofloxacin for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia: European experience.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother (Florence, Italy).\'a02008;20(Suppl 1):28\'9635.\
260. FDA. Increased risk of death with Tygacil (tigecycline) compared to other antibiotics used to treat similar infections. http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DrugSafety/ucm224370.htm. (Accessed December 9, 2012).\
261. FDA. FDA Drug Safety Communication: FDA Warns of Increased Risk of Death with IV Antibacterial Tygacil (Tigecycline) and Approves New Boxed Warning. http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DrugSafety/ucm369580.htm. (Accessed January 26, 2014).\
262. McGovern\'a0P.C,\'a0Wible\'a0M,\'a0El-Tahtawy\'a0A,\'a0Biswas\'a0P,\'a0Meyer\'a0R.D.\'a0All-cause mortality imbalance in the tigecycline phase 3 and 4 clinical trials.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02013;41(5):463\'96467.\
263. Sum\'a0P.E,\'a0Lee\'a0V.J,\'a0Testa\'a0R.T,\'a0et al.\'a0Glycylcyclines. 1. A new generation of potent antibacterial agents through modification of 9-aminotetracyclines.\'a0J Med Chem.\'a01994;37(1):184\'96188.\
264. Bauer\'a0G,\'a0Berens\'a0C,\'a0Projan\'a0S.J,\'a0Hillen\'a0W.\'a0Comparison of tetracycline and tigecycline binding to ribosomes mapped by dimethylsulphate and drug-directed Fe2+ cleavage of 16S rRNA.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02004;53(4):592\'96599.\
265. Olson\'a0M.W,\'a0Ruzin\'a0A,\'a0Feyfant\'a0E,\'a0Rush\'a03rd.\'a0T.S,\'a0O\'92Connell\'a0J,\'a0Bradford\'a0P.A.\'a0Functional, biophysical, and structural bases for antibacterial activity of tigecycline.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(6):2156\'962166.\
266. Bergeron\'a0J,\'a0Ammirati\'a0M,\'a0Danley\'a0D,\'a0et al.\'a0Glycylcyclines bind to the high-affinity tetracycline ribosomal binding site and evade Tet(M)- and Tet(O)-mediated ribosomal protection.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01996;40(9):2226\'962228.\
267. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Homenuik\'a0K,\'a0Nichol\'a0K,\'a0et al.\'a0The glycylcyclines: a comparative review with the tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a02004;64(1):63\'9688.\
268. Wyeth. Tygacil (tigecycline) package insert. In: Wyeth Pharmaceuticals I, ed. Philadelphia, PA2011.\
269. Troy\'a0S,\'a0Muralidharan\'a0G,\'a0Micalizzi\'a0M,\'a0Mojaverian\'a0P,\'a0Salacinski\'a0L,\'a0Raible\'a0D.\'a0The effects of renal disease on the pharmacokinetics of tigecycline (GAR-936) (Abstract A-43).\'a0In:\'a0Proceedings of the 43rd Annual Meeting of the Interscience Conference on Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy.\'a02003\'a0Chicago, IL.\
270. Frampton\'a0J.E,\'a0Curran\'a0M.P.\'a0Tigecycline.\'a0Drugs.\'a02005;65(18):2623\'962635\'a0discussion 2636-2627.\
271. Muralidharan\'a0G,\'a0Fruncillo\'a0R.J,\'a0Micalizzi\'a0M,\'a0Raible\'a0D.G,\'a0Troy\'a0S.M.\'a0Effects of age and sex on single-dose pharmacokinetics of tigecycline in healthy subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(4):1656\'961659.\
272. Muralidharan\'a0G,\'a0Micalizzi\'a0M,\'a0Speth\'a0J,\'a0Raible\'a0D,\'a0Troy\'a0S.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of tigecycline after single and multiple doses in healthy subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(1):220\'96229.\
273. Rodvold\'a0K.A,\'a0Gotfried\'a0M.H,\'a0Cwik\'a0M,\'a0Korth-Bradley\'a0J.M,\'a0Dukart\'a0G,\'a0Ellis-Grosse\'a0E.J.\'a0Serum, tissue and body fluid concentrations of tigecycline after a single 100 mg dose.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(6):1221\'961229.\
274. Bhattacharya\'a0I,\'a0Gotfried\'a0M.H,\'a0Ji\'a0A.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Reassessment of tigecycline bone concentrations in volunteers undergoing elective orthopedic procedures.\'a0J Clin Pharmacol.\'a02014;54(1):70\'9674.\
275. Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetic considerations regarding tigecycline for multidrug-resistant (MDR) Klebsiella pneumoniae or MDR Acinetobacter baumannii urosepsis.\'a0J Clin Microbiol.\'a02009;47(5):1613.\
276. Livermore\'a0D.M.\'a0Tigecycline: what is it, and where should it be used?\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02005;56(4):611\'96614.\
277. Barbour\'a0A,\'a0Scaglione\'a0F,\'a0Derendorf\'a0H.\'a0Class-dependent relevance of tissue distribution in the interpretation of anti-infective pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic indices.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02010;35(5):431\'96438.\
278. Hoffmann\'a0M,\'a0DeMaio\'a0W,\'a0Jordan\'a0R.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Metabolism, excretion, and pharmacokinetics of [14C]tigecycline, a first-in-class glycylcycline antibiotic, after intravenous infusion to healthy male subjects.\'a0Drug Metab Dispos.\'a02007;35(9):1543\'961553.\
279. Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Kreiswirth\'a0B.N,\'a0Weiss\'a0K,\'a0Willey\'a0B.M.\'a0Activity of GAR-936 and other antimicrobial agents against North American isolates of Staphylococcus aureus.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02002;20(3):220\'96222.\
280. Goff\'a0D.A,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0Prevalence and regional variation in meticillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) in the USA and comparative in\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline, a glycylcycline antimicrobial.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02007;56(Pt 9):1189\'961193.\
281. Gales\'a0A.C,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R.\'a0Tigecycline activity tested against 11808 bacterial pathogens recently collected from US medical centers.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02008;60(4):421\'96427.\
282. Mendes\'a0R.E,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Deshpande\'a0L,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Antimicrobial activity of tigecycline against community-acquired methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates recovered from North American medical centers.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02008;60(4):433\'96436.\
283. Namdari\'a0H,\'a0Tan\'a0T.Y,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0Activity of tigecycline and comparators against skin and skin structure pathogens: global results of the Tigecycline evaluation and surveillance trial, 2004-2009.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02012;16(1):e60\'96e66.\
284. Borbone\'a0S,\'a0Lupo\'a0A,\'a0Mezzatesta\'a0M.L,\'a0Campanile\'a0F,\'a0Santagati\'a0M,\'a0Stefani\'a0S.\'a0Evaluation of the in\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline against multiresistant Gram-positive cocci containing tetracycline resistance determinants.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02008;31(3):209\'96215.\
285. Cercenado\'a0E,\'a0Cercenado\'a0S,\'a0Gomez\'a0J.A,\'a0Bouza\'a0E.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline (GAR-936), a novel glycylcycline, against vancomycin-resistant enterococci and staphylococci with diminished susceptibility to glycopeptides.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(1):138\'96139.\
286. Aznar\'a0J,\'a0Lepe\'a0J.A,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility among E. faecalis and E. faecium from France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the UK (T.E.S.T. Surveillance Study, 2004-2009).\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother (Florence, Italy).\'a02012;24(2):74\'9680.\
287. Lee do\'a0K,\'a0Kim\'a0Y,\'a0Park\'a0K.S,\'a0Yang\'a0J.W,\'a0Kim\'a0K,\'a0Ha\'a0N.J.\'a0Antimicrobial activity of mupirocin, daptomycin, linezolid, quinupristin/dalfopristin and tigecycline against vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) from clinical isolates in Korea (1998 and 2005).\'a0J Biochem Mol.\'a02007;40(6):881\'96887.\
288. Moet\'a0G.J,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Tigecycline (GAR-936) activity against Streptococcus gallolyticus (bovis) and viridans group streptococci.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02007;57(3):333\'96336.\
289. Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Stilwell\'a0M.G,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Potency and spectrum of tigecycline tested against an international collection of bacterial pathogens associated with skin and soft tissue infections (2000-2004).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):195\'96201.\
290. Hoban\'a0D.J,\'a0Bouchillon\'a0S.K,\'a0Johnson\'a0B.M,\'a0Johnson\'a0J.L,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline against 6792 gram-negative and gram-positive clinical isolates from the global tigecycline evaluation and surveillance trial (TEST program, 2004).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):215\'96227.\
291. Hoellman\'a0D.B,\'a0Pankuch\'a0G.A,\'a0Jacobs\'a0M.R,\'a0Appelbaum\'a0P.C.\'a0Antipneumococcal activities of GAR-936 (a new glycylcycline) compared to those of nine other agents against penicillin-susceptible and -resistant pneumococci.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(4):1085\'961088.\
292. Salas\'a0C,\'a0Calvo\'a0J,\'a0Martinez-Martinez\'a0L.\'a0Activity of tigecycline against Coryneform bacteria of clinical interest and Listeria monocytogenes.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(4):1503\'961505.\
293. Milatovic\'a0D,\'a0Schmitz\'a0F.J,\'a0Verhoef\'a0J,\'a0Fluit\'a0A.C.\'a0Activities of the glycylcycline tigecycline (GAR-936) against 1,924 recent European clinical bacterial isolates.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(1):400\'96404.\
294. Garcia\'a0C.P,\'a0Juliet\'a0L.C,\'a0Fernandez\'a0V.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Multicenter study on the monitoring of in\'a0vitro susceptibility to tigeeyeline in Santiago, Chile.\'a0Revista chilena de infectologia.\'a02009;26(3):220\'96226.\'a0Page 351.e5.\
295. Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Strabala\'a0P.A,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Activity of tigecycline tested against a global collection of Enterobacteriaceae, including tetracycline-resistant isolates.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):209\'96213.\
296. Nabuurs-Franssen\'a0M,\'a0Mouton\'a0J.W.\'a0Tigecycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:881\'96892.\
297. Bouchillon\'a0S.K,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J,\'a0Johnson\'a0B.M,\'a0Johnson\'a0J.L,\'a0Hsiung\'a0A,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline against 3989 gram-negative and gram-positive clinical isolates from the United States tigecycline evaluation and surveillance trial (TEST program; 2004).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):173\'96179.\
298. Castanheira\'a0M,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Deshpande\'a0L.M,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Antimicrobial activities of tigecycline and other broad-spectrum antimicrobials tested against serine carbapenemase- and metallo-beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae: report from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(2):570\'96573.\
299. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Karlowsky\'a0J.A,\'a0Rubinstein\'a0E,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J.\'a0Tigecycline: a novel glycylcycline antibiotic.\'a0Expert Rev Anti-infect Ther.\'a02006;4(1):9\'9625.\
300. Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Park\'a0C.H.\'a0Update on antimicrobial susceptibility rates among gram-negative and gram-positive organisms in the United States: results from the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) 2005 to 2007.\'a0Clinical Therapeutics.\'a02008;30(11):2040\'962050.\
301. Navon-Venezia\'a0S,\'a0Leavitt\'a0A,\'a0Carmeli\'a0Y.\'a0High tigecycline resistance in multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02007;59(4):772\'96774.\
302. Farrell\'a0D.J,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibilities of a worldwide collection of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia isolates tested against tigecycline and agents commonly used for S. maltophilia infections.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02010;54(6):2735\'962737.\
303. Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Kirby\'a0J.T,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline (GAR-936) tested against 11,859 recent clinical isolates associated with community-acquired respiratory tract and gram-positive cutaneous infections.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02004;49(3):201\'96209.\
304. Dizbay\'a0M,\'a0Kilic\'a0S,\'a0Hizel\'a0K,\'a0Arman\'a0D.\'a0Tigecycline: its potential for treatment of brucellosis.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02007;39(5):432\'96434.\
305. Turan\'a0H,\'a0Arslan\'a0H,\'a0Azap\'a0O.K,\'a0Serefhanoglu\'a0K,\'a0Uncu\'a0H.\'a0In\'a0vitro antibacterial activity of tigecycline in comparison with doxycycline, ciprofloxacin and rifampicin against Brucella spp.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02007;30(2):186\'96187.\
306. Pappas\'a0G,\'a0Papadimitriou\'a0P,\'a0Christou\'a0L,\'a0Akritidis\'a0N.\'a0Future trends in human brucellosis treatment.\'a0Expert Opin Investig Drugs.\'a02006;15(10):1141\'961149.\
307. Jacobus\'a0N.V,\'a0McDermott\'a0L.A,\'a0Ruthazer\'a0R,\'a0Snydman\'a0D.R.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline against the Bacteroides fragilis group.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02004;48(3):1034\'961036.\
308. Nagy\'a0E,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline and comparators against a European compilation of anaerobes collected as part of the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST).\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02010;42(1):33\'9638.\
309. Kenny\'a0G.E,\'a0Cartwright\'a0F.D.\'a0Susceptibilities of Mycoplasma hominis, M. pneumoniae, and Ureaplasma urealyticum to GAR-936, dalfopristin, dirithromycin, evernimicin, gatifloxacin, linezolid, moxifloxacin, quinupristin-dalfopristin, and telithromycin compared to their susceptibilities to reference macrolides, tetracyclines, and quinolones.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02001;45(9):2604\'962608.\
310. Edelstein\'a0P.H,\'a0Weiss\'a0W.J,\'a0Edelstein\'a0M.A.\'a0Activities of tigecycline (GAR-936) against Legionella pneumophila in\'a0vitro and in Guinea pigs with L. pneumophila pneumonia.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(2):533\'96540.\
311. Fernandez-Roblas\'a0R,\'a0Martin-de-Hijas\'a0N.Z,\'a0Fernandez-Martinez\'a0A.I,\'a0Garcia-Almeida\'a0D,\'a0Gadea\'a0I,\'a0Esteban\'a0J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline and 10 other antimicrobials against nonpigmented rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(11):4184\'964186.\
312. Coban\'a0A.Y,\'a0Deveci\'a0A,\'a0Cayci\'a0Y.T,\'a0Uzun\'a0M,\'a0Akgunes\'a0A,\'a0Durupinar\'a0B.\'a0In\'a0vitro effect of tigecycline against Mycobacterium tuberculosis and a review of the available drugs for tuberculosis.\'a0Afr J Microbiol Res.\'a02011;5(3):311\'96315.\
313. Breedt\'a0J,\'a0Teras\'a0J,\'a0Gardovskis\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Safety and efficacy of tigecycline in treatment of skin and skin structure infections: results of a double-blind phase 3 comparison study with vancomycin-aztreonam.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(11):4658\'964666.\
314. Sacchidanand\'a0S,\'a0Penn\'a0R.L,\'a0Embil\'a0J.M,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline monotherapy compared with vancomycin plus aztreonam in patients with complicated skin and skin structure infections: results from a phase 3, randomized, double-blind trial.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02005;9(5):251\'96261.\
315. Teras\'a0J,\'a0Gardovskis\'a0J,\'a0Vaasna\'a0T,\'a0et al.\'a0Overview of tigecycline efficacy and safety in the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections - a European perspective.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother (Florence, Italy).\'a02008;20(Suppl 1):20\'9627.\
316. Chuang\'a0Y.C,\'a0Chang\'a0C.M,\'a0Aradhya\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline monotherapy compared with vancomycin-aztreonam in the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections in patients from India and Taiwan.\'a0J Microbiol.\'a02011;44(2):116\'96124.\
317. Lauf\'a0L,\'a0Ozsvar\'a0Z,\'a0Mitha\'a0I,\'a0et al.\'a0Phase 3 study comparing tigecycline and ertapenem in patients with diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02014;78(4):469\'96480.\
318. Oliva\'a0M.E,\'a0Rekha\'a0A,\'a0Yellin\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0A multicenter trial of the efficacy and safety of tigecycline versus imipenem/cilastatin in patients with complicated intra-abdominal infections [Study ID Numbers: 3074A1-301-WW; ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00081744].\'a0BMC Infect Dis.\'a02005;5:88.\
319. Towfigh\'a0S,\'a0Pasternak\'a0J,\'a0Poirier\'a0A,\'a0Leister\'a0H,\'a0Babinchak\'a0T.\'a0A multicentre, open-label, randomized comparative study of tigecycline versus ceftriaxone sodium plus metronidazole for the treatment of hospitalized subjects with complicated intra-abdominal infections.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02010;16(8):1274\'961281.\
320. Qvist\'a0N,\'a0Warren\'a0B,\'a0Leister-Tebbe\'a0H,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy of tigecycline versus ceftriaxone plus metronidazole for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections: results from a randomized, controlled trial.\'a0Surg Infect.\'a02012;13(2):102\'96109.\
321. Tanaseanu\'a0C,\'a0Milutinovic\'a0S,\'a0Calistru\'a0P.I,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline versus levofloxacin for community-acquired pneumonia.\'a0BMC Pulm Med.\'a02009;9:44.\
322. Bergallo\'a0C,\'a0Jasovich\'a0A,\'a0Teglia\'a0O,\'a0et al.\'a0Safety and efficacy of intravenous tigecycline in treatment of community-acquired pneumonia: results from a double-blind randomized phase 3 comparison study with levofloxacin.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02009;63(1):52\'9661.\
323. Curcio\'a0D,\'a0J\'a0C,\'a0W\'a0V,\'a0G\'a0V,\'a0A\'a0C.\'a0Tigecycline in the treatment of ventilator-associated pneumonia: experience from the Latin American Tigecycline Use Registry.\'a0Infez Med.\'a02010;18(1):27\'9634.\
324. Freire\'a0A.T,\'a0Melnyk\'a0V,\'a0Kim\'a0M.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Comparison of tigecycline with imipenem/cilastatin for the treatment of hospital-acquired pneumonia.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02010;68(2):140\'96151.\
325. Ramirez\'a0J,\'a0Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Gandjini\'a0H,\'a0Yan\'a0J.L,\'a0Korth-Bradley\'a0J,\'a0McGovern\'a0P.C.\'a0Randomized phase 2 trial to evaluate the clinical efficacy of two high-dosage tigecycline regimens versus imipenem-cilastatin for treatment of hospital-acquired pneumonia.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02013;57(4):1756\'961762.\
326. Curcio\'a0D,\'a0F\'a0F,\'a0A\'a0C,\'a0L\'a0B,\'a0D\'a0S.\'a0Indications of a new antibiotic in clinical practice: results of the tigecycline initial use registry.\'a0Braz J Infect Dis.\'a02008;12(3):198\'96201.\
327. Gardiner\'a0D,\'a0Dukart\'a0G,\'a0Cooper\'a0A,\'a0Babinchak\'a0T.\'a0Safety and efficacy of intravenous tigecycline in subjects with secondary bacteremia: pooled results from 8 phase III clinical trials.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02010;50(2):229\'96238.\
328. Aslam\'a0S,\'a0BW\'a0T,\'a0V\'a0R,\'a0RO\'a0D.\'a0Pilot trial of N-acetylcysteine and tigecycline as a catheter-lock solution for treatment of hemodialysis catheter-associated bacteremia.\'a0Infect Control Hosp.\'a02008;29(9):894\'96897.\
329. Vasilev\'a0K,\'a0G\'a0R,\'a0R\'a0O,\'a0et al.\'a0A Phase 3, open-label, non-comparative study of tigecycline in the treatment of patients with selected serious infections due to resistant Gram-negative organisms including Enterobacter species, Acinetobacter baumannii and Klebsiella pneumoniae.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02008;62(Suppl 1:i):29\'9640.\
330. Florescu\'a0I,\'a0Beuran\'a0M,\'a0Dimov\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline compared with vancomycin or linezolid for treatment of serious infections with methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus or vancomycin-resistant enterococci: a Phase 3, multicentre, double-blind, randomized study.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02008;62(Suppl 1):i17\'96i28.\
331. Chemaly\'a0R.F,\'a0Hanmod\'a0S.S,\'a0Jiang\'a0Y,\'a0et al.\'a0Tigecycline use in cancer patients with serious infections: a report on 110 cases from a single institution.\'a0Med.\'a02009;88(4):211\'96220.\
332. Bucaneve\'a0G,\'a0Micozzi\'a0A,\'a0Picardi\'a0M,\'a0et al.\'a0Results of a multicenter, controlled, randomized clinical trial evaluating the combination of piperacillin/tazobactam and tigecycline in high-risk hematologic patients with cancer with febrile neutropenia.\'a0Clin Oncol.\'a02014;32(14):1463\'961471.\
333. Cheng\'a0A,\'a0Chuang\'a0Y.C,\'a0Sun\'a0H.Y,\'a0et al.\'a0Excess mortality associated with Colistin-tigecycline compared with Colistin-carbapenem combination therapy for Extensively drug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii bacteremia: a multicenter prospective observational study.\'a0Crit Care Med.\'a02015;43(6):1194\'961204.\
334. Ni\'a0W,\'a0Han\'a0Y,\'a0Liu\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Tigecycline treatment for carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae infections: a systematic review and meta-analysis.\'a0Medicine (Baltimore).\'a02016;95(11):e3126.\
335. Satlin\'a0M,\'a0Kubin\'a0C,\'a0Blumenthal\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Comparative effectiveness of aminoglycosides, polymyxin B, and tigecycline for clearance of carbapenem-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae from urine.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02011;55(12):5893\'965899.\
336. Larson\'a0K.C,\'a0Belliveau\'a0P.P,\'a0Spooner\'a0L.M.\'a0Tigecycline for the treatment of severe Clostridium difficile infection.\'a0Ann Pharmacother.\'a02011;45(7\'968):1005\'961010.\
337. Kopterides\'a0P,\'a0Papageorgiou\'a0C,\'a0Antoniadou\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Failure of tigecycline to treat severe Clostridium difficile infection.\'a0Anaesthesia and Intensive Care.\'a02010;38(4):755\'96758.\
338. Navalkele\'a0B.D,\'a0Lerner\'a0S.A.\'a0Intravenous tigecycline Facilitates cure of severe Clostridium difficile infection (CDI) after failure of Standard therapy: a case report and literature review of tigecycline Use in CDI.\'a0Open Forum Infect Dis.\'a02016;3(2):ofw094.\
339. Thomas\'a0A,\'a0Khan\'a0F,\'a0Uddin\'a0N,\'a0Wallace\'a0M.R.\'a0Tigecycline for severe Clostridium difficile infection.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02014;26:171\'96172.\
340. Phillips\'a0E.C,\'a0Warren\'a0C.A,\'a0Ma\'a0J.Z,\'a0Madden\'a0G.R.\'a0Impact of tigecycline on C. difficile outcomes: case series and Propensity-Matched retrospective study.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02022;66(6):e0000122.\
341. Seyman\'a0D,\'a0Berk\'a0H,\'a0Sepin-Ozen\'a0N,\'a0et al.\'a0Successful use of tigecycline for treatment of culture-negative pyogenic vertebral osteomyelitis.\'a0Infect Dis (London, England).\'a02015;47(11):783\'96788.\
342. Griffin\'a0A.T,\'a0Harting\'a0J.A,\'a0Christensen\'a0D.M.\'a0Tigecycline in the management of osteomyelitis: a case series from the bone and joint infection (BAJIO) database.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02013;77(3):273\'96277.\
343. Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J,\'a0Dukart\'a0G,\'a0Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Griffith\'a0D.E,\'a0Scerpella\'a0E.G,\'a0Marshall\'a0B.\'a0Clinical experience in 52 patients with tigecycline-containing regimens for salvage treatment of Mycobacterium abscessus and Mycobacterium chelonae infections.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02014;69(7):1945\'961953.\
344. Someya\'a0Y,\'a0Yamaguchi\'a0A,\'a0Sawai\'a0T.\'a0A novel glycylcycline, 9-(N,N-dimethylglycylamido)-6-demethyl-6-deoxytetracycline, is neither transported nor recognized by the transposon Tn10-encoded metal-tetracycline/H+ antiporter.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(1):247\'96249.\
345. Projan\'a0S.J.\'a0Preclinical pharmacology of GAR-936, a novel glycylcycline antibacterial agent.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02000;20(9 Pt 2):219S\'96223S\'a0discussion 224S-228S.\
346. Visalli\'a0M.A,\'a0Murphy\'a0E,\'a0Projan\'a0S.J,\'a0Bradford\'a0P.A.\'a0AcrAB multidrug efflux pump is associated with reduced levels of susceptibility to tigecycline (GAR-936) in Proteus mirabilis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(2):665\'96669.\
347. Ruzin\'a0A,\'a0Keeney\'a0D,\'a0Bradford\'a0P.A.\'a0AcrAB efflux pump plays a role in decreased susceptibility to tigecycline in Morganella morganii.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(2):791\'96793.\
348. Lv L., Wan M., Wang C., et\'a0al. Emergence of a Plasmid-encoded resistance-Nodulation-Division efflux pump conferring resistance to multiple drugs, including tigecycline, in Klebsiella pneumoniae. mBio. 2020;11(2):e02930-19\
349. Dong N., Zeng Y., Wang Y., et\'a0al. Distribution and spread of the mobilised RND efflux pump gene cluster tmexCD-toprJ in clinical Gram-negative bacteria: a molecular epidemiological study. Lancet Microbe.\
Page 351.e1\
References\
1. Duggar\'a0B.M.\'a0Aureomycin: a product of the continuing search for new antibiotics.\'a0Ann NY Acad Sci.\'a01948;51(2):177\'96181.\
2. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Tetracycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:843\'96850.\
3. Sabundayo\'a0B.P,\'a0Standiford\'a0H.C.\'a0Tetracyclines and analogues.\'a0In:\'a0Yu\'a0V.L,\'a0Edwards\'a0G,\'a0McKinnon\'a0P.S,\'a0Peolquin\'a0C,\'a0Morse\'a0G.D,\'a0eds.\'a0Antimicrobial Therapy and Vaccines, 2nd Edition. Vol II: Antimicrobial Agents.\'a02nd ed.\'a0Pittsburgh, PA:\'a0ESun Technologies LLC;\'a02005:461\'96476.\
4. Levy\'a0S.B,\'a0FitzGerald\'a0G.B,\'a0Macone\'a0A.B.\'a0Changes in intestinal flora of farm personnel after introduction of a tetracycline-supplemented feed on a farm.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01976;295(11):583\'96588.\
5. DuPont\'a0H,\'a0Steele\'a0J.H.\'a0Use of antimicrobial agents in animal feeds: implications for human health.\'a0Rev of Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(3):447\'96460.\
6. Thaker\'a0M,\'a0Spanogiannopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0The tetracycline resistome.\'a0Cell Mol Life Sci.\'a02010;67(3):419\'96431.\
7. Perks\'a0W.H,\'a0Walters\'a0E.H,\'a0Tams\'a0I.P,\'a0Prowse\'a0K.\'a0Demeclocycline in the treatment of the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone.\'a0Thorax.\'a01979;34(3):324\'96327.\
8. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Roberts\'a0M.\'a0Tetracycline antibiotics: mode of action, applications, molecular biology, and epidemiology of bacterial resistance.\'a0MMBR.\'a02001;65(2):232\'96260.\
9. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hacker\'a0K.\'a0Inhibition of K88-mediated adhesion of Escherichia coli to mammalian receptors by antibiotics that affect bacterial protein synthesis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01986;18(4):441\'96451.\
10. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Doxycycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:851\'96869.\
11. Dahl\'a0E.L,\'a0Shock\'a0J.L,\'a0Shenai\'a0B.R,\'a0Gut\'a0J,\'a0DeRisi\'a0J.L,\'a0Rosenthal\'a0P.J.\'a0Tetracyclines specifically target the apicoplast of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(9):3124\'963131.\
12. Ribush\'a0N,\'a0Morgan\'a0T.\'a0Tetracyclines and renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01972;1(2):53\'9655.\
13. Kunin\'a0C.M.\'a0A guide to use of antibiotics in patients with renal disease. A table of recommended doses and factors governing serum levels.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01967;67(1):151\'96158.\
14. Heaney\'a0D,\'a0Eknoyan\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline and doxycycline kinetics in chronic renal failure.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01978;24(2):233\'96239.\
15. Whelton\'a0A,\'a0Schach von Wittenau\'a0M,\'a0Twomey\'a0T.M,\'a0Walker\'a0W.G,\'a0Bianchine\'a0J.R.\'a0Doxycycline pharmacokinetics in the absence of renal function.\'a0Kidney Int.\'a01974;5(5):365\'96371.\
16. Thiim\'a0M,\'a0Friedman\'a0L.S.\'a0Hepatotoxicity of antibiotics and antifungals.\'a0Clinics in Liver Disease.\'a02003;7(2):381\'96399\'a0vi-vii.\
17. Horrevorts\'a0A,\'a0Pluim\'a0M.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:870\'96880.\
18. Carney\'a0S,\'a0Butcher\'a0R.A,\'a0Dawborn\'a0J.K,\'a0Pattison\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline excretion and distribution in relation to renal function in man.\'a0Clin Exp Pharmacol.\'a01974;1(4):299\'96308.\
19. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Shaw\'a0W.R,\'a0Uman\'a0S.J,\'a0Tse\'a0F.L,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of minocycline in renal failure.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;8(5):532\'96537.\
20. Bernard\'a0B,\'a0Yin\'a0E.J,\'a0Simon\'a0H.J.\'a0Clinical pharmacologic studies with minocycline.\'a0The J Clin Pharmacol.\'a01971;11(5):332\'96348.\
21. George\'a0C.R,\'a0Guinness\'a0M.D,\'a0Lark\'a0D.J,\'a0Evans\'a0R.A.\'a0Minocycline toxicity in renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01973;1(13):640\'96641.\
22. Jonas\'a0M,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0Ther Drug Monit.\'a01982;4(2):137\'96145.\
23. Wood\'a0M.J,\'a0Farrell\'a0W,\'a0Kattan\'a0S,\'a0Williams\'a0J.D.\'a0Activity of minocycline and tetracycline against respiratory pathogens related to blood levels.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01975;1(3):323\'96331.\
24. Sklenar\'a0I,\'a0Spring\'a0P,\'a0Dettli\'a0L.\'a0One-dose and multiple-dose kinetics of minocycline in patients with renal disease.\'a0Agents and Actions.\'a01977;7(3):369\'96377.\
25. Smith\'a0C,\'a0Woods\'a0C.G,\'a0Woods\'a0M.J.\'a0Absorption of minocycline.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01984;13(1):93.\
26. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Koch\'a0P.A,\'a0Lau\'a0C.C,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Bioavailability of tetracycline and doxycycline in fasted and nonfasted subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(3):462\'96469.\
27. Neuvonen\'a0P.J.\'a0Interactions with the absorption of tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a01976;11(1):45\'9654.\
28. Agwuh\'a0K.N,\'a0MacGowan\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of the tetracyclines including glycylcyclines.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(2):256\'96265.\
29. Fabre\'a0J,\'a0Milek\'a0E,\'a0Kalfopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Merier\'a0G.\'a0[Kinetics of tetracyclines in human. II. Excretion, penetration into normal and inflammed tissues, behavior in a case of renal insufficiency and in hemodialysis].\'a0Schweiz Med Wochenschr.\'a01971;101(18):625\'96633.\
30. Macdonald\'a0H,\'a0Kelly\'a0R.G,\'a0Allen\'a0E.S,\'a0Noble\'a0J.F,\'a0Kanegis\'a0L.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetic studies on minocycline in man.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01973;14(5):852\'96861.\
31. Lundberg\'a0C,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentration of penicillin V and tetracycline in maxillary sinus secretion after repeated doses.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(2):123\'96133.\
32. Ruhen\'a0R.W,\'a0Tandon\'a0M.K.\'a0Comparative effectiveness of tetracycline, minocycline and doxycycline in treatment of acute-on-chronic bronchitis. A study based on sputum levels.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01976;1(6):151\'96153.\
33. Chow\'a0A.W,\'a0Jewesson\'a0P.J.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and safety of antimicrobial agents during pregnancy.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01985;7(3):287\'96313.\
34. Alestig\'a0K.\'a0Studies on doxycycline during intravenous and oral treatment with reference to renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(3):193\'96198.\
35. Andersson\'a0K.E,\'a0Mardh\'a0P.A,\'a0Akerlund\'a0M.\'a0Passage of doxycycline into extracellular fluid.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):7\'9611.\
36. Eliasson\'a0R,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentrations of doxycycline in human seminal plasma.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):32\'9636.\
37. Lode\'a0H.\'a0Penetration of antibiotics into the pleural fluid.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01979;5(2):122\'96124.\
38. Schreiner\'a0A,\'a0Digranes\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of lymecycline and doxycycline in serum and suction blister fluid.\'a0Chemotherapy.\'a01985;31(4):261\'96265.\
39. Marlin\'a0G.E,\'a0Cheng\'a0S,\'a0Thompson\'a0P.J.\'a0Sputum and plasma doxycycline concentrations after a single oral 600 mg doxycycline dose in patients with chronic bronchitis.\'a0Eur J Respir Dis.\'a01981;62(4):276\'96280.\
40. Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0The detection of doxycycline activity in human bone.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):47\'9653.\
41. Gnarpe\'a0H,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Hagg\'a0O.\'a0Doxycycline concentration levels in bone, soft tissue and serum after intravenous infusion of doxycycline. A clinical study.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):54\'9657.\
42. Bystedt\'a0H,\'a0A\'a0D.A,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E.\'a0Concentrations of azidocillin, erythromycin, doxycycline and clindamycin in human mandibular bone.\'a0Int J Oral Surg.\'a01978;7(5):442\'96449.\
43. Dotevall\'a0L,\'a0Hagberg\'a0L.\'a0Penetration of doxycycline into cerebrospinal fluid in patients treated for suspected Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(7):1078\'961080.\
44. Yim\'a0C.W,\'a0Flynn\'a0N.M,\'a0Fitzgerald\'a0F.T.\'a0Penetration of oral doxycycline into the cerebrospinal fluid of patients with latent or neurosyphilis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01985;28(2):347\'96348.\
45. Nikaido\'a0H,\'a0Thanassi\'a0D.G.\'a0Penetration of lipophilic agents with multiple protonation sites into bacterial cells: tetracyclines and fluoroquinolones as examples.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01993;37(7):1393\'961399.\
46. Bergogne-Berezin\'a0E,\'a0Lambert-Zechovsky\'a0N,\'a0Morel\'a0C.\'a0[Pharmacokinetics of antibiotics in bronchial secretions. 250 cases].\'a0La Nouvelle Presse Medicale.\'a01977;6(38):3548.\
47. Hensle\'a0T.W,\'a0Prout\'a0GR.\'a0J.r,\'a0Griffin\'a0P.\'a0Minocycline diffusion into benign prostatic hyperplasia.\'a0The Journal of Urology.\'a01977;118(4):609\'96611.\
48. Hoeprich\'a0P.D,\'a0Warshauer\'a0D.M.\'a0Entry of four tetracyclines into saliva and tears.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01974;5(3):330\'96336.\
49. Steigbigel\'a0N.H,\'a0Reed\'a0C.W,\'a0Finland\'a0M.\'a0Absorption and excretion of five tetracycline analogues in normal young men.\'a0The American Journal of the Medical Sciences.\'a01968;255:296\'96312.\
50. Mahon\'a0W.A,\'a0Johnson\'a0G.E,\'a0Endrenyl\'a0L,\'a0Kelly\'a0M.F,\'a0Fenton\'a0S.S.\'a0The elimination of tritiated doxycycline in normal subjects and in patients with severely impaired renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):24\'9631.\
51. Saivin\'a0S,\'a0Houin\'a0G.\'a0Clinical pharmacokinetics of doxycycline and minocycline.\'a0Clin Pharmacokinet.\'a01988;15(6):355\'96366.\
52. CLSI, .\'a0Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; Thirty-Second Informational Supplement.\'a0Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute;\'a02022.\
53. Diekema\'a0D.J,\'a0Pfaller\'a0M.A,\'a0Schmitz\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Survey of infections due to Staphylococcus species: frequency of occurrence and antimicrobial susceptibility of isolates collected in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, and the Western Pacific Region for the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997\'961999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):114\'96132.\
54. Holmes\'a0R.L,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0J.H.\'a0Inhibitory activities of 11 antimicrobial agents and bactericidal activities of vancomycin and daptomycin against invasive methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates obtained from 1999 through 2006.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(2):757\'96760.\
55. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Palatnick\'a0L,\'a0Nichol\'a0K.A,\'a0Bellyou\'a0T,\'a0Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance in respiratory tract Streptococcus pneumoniae isolates: results of the Canadian Respiratory Organism Susceptibility Study, 1997 to 2002.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(6):1867\'961874.\
56. Koeth\'a0L.M,\'a0Felmingham\'a0D,\'a0Jacobs\'a0M.R,\'a0Rossi\'a0F.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae in Sao Paulo, Brazil from 1996 to 2000.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):356\'96361.\
57. Jones\'a0R.N,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R.\'a0Doxycycline use for community-acquired pneumonia: contemporary in\'a0vitro spectrum of activity against Streptococcus pneumoniae (1999-2002).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02004;49(2):147\'96149.\
58. Wimmerstedt\'a0A,\'a0Kahlmeter\'a0G.\'a0Associated antimicrobial resistance in Escherichia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus pyogenes.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02008;14(4):315\'96321.\
59. Persson\'a0E,\'a0Berg\'a0S,\'a0Bergseng\'a0H,\'a0Bergh\'a0K,\'a0Valso-Lyng\'a0R,\'a0Trollfors\'a0B.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of invasive group B streptococcal isolates from south-west Sweden 1988-2001.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02008;40(4):308\'96313.\
60. Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Keller\'a0N,\'a0Barth\'a0A,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Clinical prevalence, antimicrobial susceptibility, and geographic resistance patterns of enterococci: results from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997-1999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):S133\'96S145.\
61. Holmberg\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0Antimicrobial in\'a0vitro susceptibility of Actinomyces israelii and Arachnia propionica.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01977;9(1):40\'9645.\
62. Vitas\'a0A.I,\'a0Sanchez\'a0R.M,\'a0Aguado\'a0V,\'a0Garcia-Jalon\'a0I.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of Listeria monocytogenes isolated from food and clinical cases in Navarra, Spain.\'a0J Food Prot.\'a02007;70(10):2402\'962406.\
63. Mohammed\'a0M.J,\'a0Marston\'a0C.K,\'a0Popovic\'a0T,\'a0Weyant\'a0R.S,\'a0Tenover\'a0F.C.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Bacillus anthracis: comparison of results obtained by using the National Committee for Clinical Laboratory Standards broth microdilution reference and Etest agar gradient diffusion methods.\'a0J Clin Microbiol.\'a02002;40(6):1902\'961907.\
64. Frean\'a0J,\'a0Klugman\'a0K.P,\'a0Arntzen\'a0L,\'a0Bukofzer\'a0S.\'a0Susceptibility of Bacillus anthracis to eleven antimicrobial agents including novel fluoroquinolones and a ketolide.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(2):297\'96299.\
65. Hernandez\'a0E,\'a0Girardet\'a0M,\'a0Ramisse\'a0F,\'a0Vidal\'a0D,\'a0Cavallo\'a0J.D.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibilities of 94 isolates of Yersinia pestis to 24 antimicrobial agents.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(6):1029\'961031.\
66. Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Vinh\'a0D.X,\'a0Nguyen\'a0T.T,\'a0Wain\'a0J,\'a0Thung\'a0D,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibilities of strains of Yersinia pestis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(9):2153\'962154.\
67. Schonberg-Norio\'a0D,\'a0Hanninen\'a0M.L,\'a0Katila\'a0M.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Activities of telithromycin, erythromycin, fluoroquinolones, and doxycycline against Campylobacter strains isolated from Finnish subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(3):1086\'961088.\
68. Morris\'a0Jr.\'a0J.G.\'a0Black RE. Cholera and other vibrioses in the United States.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01985;312(6):343\'96350.\
69. Ottaviani\'a0D,\'a0Bacchiocchi\'a0I,\'a0Masini\'a0L,\'a0et al.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of potentially pathogenic halophilic vibrios isolated from seafood.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;18(2):135\'96140.\
70. Midani\'a0S,\'a0Rathore\'a0M.H.\'a0Vibrio species infection of a catfish spine puncture wound.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01994;13(4):333\'96334.\
71. Fernandez-Cuenca\'a0F,\'a0Tomas-Carmona\'a0M,\'a0Caballero-Moyano\'a0F,\'a0et al.\'a0[In vitro activity of 18 antimicrobial agents against clinical isolates of Acinetobacter spp.: multicenter national study GEIH-REIPI-Ab 2010.].\'a0Enferm Infecc Microbiol Clin.\'a02012.\
72. Jenney\'a0A.W,\'a0Lum\'a0G,\'a0Fisher\'a0D.A,\'a0Currie\'a0B.J.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibility of Burkholderia pseudomallei from tropical northern Australia and implications for therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;17(2):109\'96113.\
73. Nicodemo\'a0A.C,\'a0Araujo\'a0M.R,\'a0Ruiz\'a0A.S,\'a0Gales\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia isolates: comparison of disc diffusion, Etest and agar dilution methods.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02004;53(4):604\'96608.\
74. Janda\'a0J.M,\'a0Guthertz\'a0L.S,\'a0Kokka\'a0R.P,\'a0Shimada\'a0T.\'a0Aeromonas species in septicemia: laboratory characteristics and clinical observations.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01994;19(1):77\'9683.\
75. Flamm\'a0R.K,\'a0Castanheira\'a0M,\'a0Streit\'a0J.M,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Minocycline activity tested against Acinetobacter baumannii complex, Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, and Burkholderia cepacia species complex isolates from a global surveillance program (2013).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02016;85(3):352\'96355.\
76. Li\'a0X.Z,\'a0Livermore\'a0D.M,\'a0Nikaido\'a0H.\'a0Role of efflux pump(s) in intrinsic resistance of Pseudomonas aeruginosa: resistance to tetracycline, chloramphenicol, and norfloxacin.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(8):1732\'961741.\'a0Page 351.e2.\
77. Schaumann\'a0R,\'a0Ackermann\'a0G,\'a0Pless\'a0B,\'a0Claros\'a0M.C,\'a0Goldstein\'a0E.J,\'a0Rodloff\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of fourteen antimicrobial agents against obligately anaerobic bacteria.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(3):225\'96232.\
78. Baykam\'a0N,\'a0Esener\'a0H,\'a0Ergonul\'a0O,\'a0Eren\'a0S,\'a0Celikbas\'a0A.K,\'a0Dokuzoguz\'a0B.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibility of Brucella species.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):405\'96407.\
79. Dorbecker\'a0C,\'a0Sander\'a0A,\'a0Oberle\'a0K,\'a0Schulin-Casonato\'a0T.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Bartonella species to 17 antimicrobial compounds: comparison of Etest and agar dilution.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(4):784\'96788.\
80. Bebear\'a0C,\'a0Pereyre\'a0S,\'a0Peuchant\'a0O.\'a0Mycoplasma pneumoniae: susceptibility and resistance to antibiotics.\'a0Future Microbiology.\'a02011;6(4):423\'96431.\
81. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Bryskier\'a0A,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0Comparative activities of telithromycin (HMR 3647), levofloxacin, and other antimicrobial agents against human mycoplasmas.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(7):1980\'961982.\
82. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Charron\'a0A,\'a0Gruson\'a0D,\'a0Lefrancois\'a0M,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of trovafloxacin compared to those of five antimicrobials against mycoplasmas including Mycoplasma hominis and Ureaplasma urealyticum fluoroquinolone-resistant isolates that have been genetically characterized.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(9):2557\'962560.\
83. Schulin\'a0T,\'a0Wennersten\'a0C.B,\'a0Ferraro\'a0M.J,\'a0Moellering\'a0Jr.\'a0R.C,\'a0Eliopoulos\'a0G.M.\'a0Susceptibilities of Legionella spp. to newer antimicrobials in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01998;42(6):1520\'961523.\
84. Critchley\'a0I.A,\'a0Jones\'a0M.E,\'a0Heinze\'a0P.D,\'a0et al.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of levofloxacin against contemporary clinical isolates of Legionella pneumophila, Mycoplasma pneumoniae and Chlamydia pneumoniae from North America and Europe.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02002;8(4):214\'96221.\
85. Roblin\'a0P.M,\'a0Hammerschlag\'a0M.R.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of GAR-936 against Chlamydia pneumoniae and Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(1):61\'9663.\
86. Butaye\'a0P,\'a0Ducatelle\'a0R,\'a0De Backer\'a0P,\'a0Vermeersch\'a0H,\'a0Remon\'a0J.P,\'a0Haesebrouck\'a0F.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of doxycycline and enrofloxacin against European Chlamydia psittaci strains from turkeys.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01997;41(12):2800\'962801.\
87. Samra\'a0Z,\'a0Rosenberg\'a0S,\'a0Soffer\'a0Y,\'a0Dan\'a0M.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of recent clinical isolates of Chlamydia trachomatis to macrolides and tetracyclines.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02001;39(3):177\'96179.\
88. Wormser\'a0G.P,\'a0Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Dattwyler\'a0R.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Practice guidelines for the treatment of Lyme disease. The infectious diseases society of America.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02000;31(Suppl 1):1\'9614.\
89. Ates\'a0L,\'a0Hanssen-Hubner\'a0C,\'a0Norris\'a0D.E,\'a0Richter\'a0D,\'a0Kraiczy\'a0P,\'a0Hunfeld\'a0K.P.\'a0Comparison of in\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline, doxycycline, and tetracycline against the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi.\'a0Ticks Tick Borne Dis.\'a02010;1(1):30\'9634.\
90. Murray\'a0C.K,\'a0Ellis\'a0M.W,\'a0Hospenthal\'a0D.R.\'a0Susceptibility of Leptospira serovars to antimalarial agents.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02004;71(5):685\'96686.\
91. Norris\'a0S.J,\'a0Edmondson\'a0D.G.\'a0In\'a0vitro culture system to determine MICs and MBCs of antimicrobial agents against Treponema pallidum subsp. pallidum (Nichols strain).\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01988;32(1):68\'9674.\
92. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Roussellier\'a0P,\'a0Vestris\'a0G,\'a0Tamalet\'a0J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antibiotic susceptibility of Rickettsia rickettsii and Rickettsia conorii: plaque assay and microplaque colorimetric assay.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01987;155(5):1059\'961062.\
93. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Drancourt\'a0M.\'a0Antimicrobial therapy of rickettsial diseases.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01991;35(12):2457\'962462.\
94. Branger\'a0S,\'a0Rolain\'a0J.M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Evaluation of antibiotic susceptibilities of Ehrlichia canis, Ehrlichia chaffeensis, and Anaplasma phagocytophilum by real-time PCR.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02004;48(12):4822\'964828.\
95. Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J.\'a0Clinical and taxonomic status of pathogenic nonpigmented or late-pigmenting rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a02002;15(4):716\'96746.\
96. Uslan\'a0D.Z,\'a0Kowalski\'a0T.J,\'a0Wengenack\'a0N.L,\'a0Virk\'a0A,\'a0Wilson\'a0J.W.\'a0Skin and soft tissue infections due to rapidly growing mycobacteria: comparison of clinical features, treatment, and susceptibility.\'a0Archives of Dermatology.\'a02006;142(10):1287\'961292.\
97. Wallace\'a0R.J,\'a0Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Crist\'a0C.J,\'a0Mann\'a0L,\'a0Wilson\'a0R.W.\'a0Comparison of the in\'a0vitro activity of the glycylcycline tigecycline (Formerly GAR-936) with those of tetracycline, minocycline, and doxycycline against isolates of nontuberculous mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02002;46(10):3164\'963167.\
98. Rhomberg\'a0P.R,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of 11 antimicrobial agents, including gatifloxacin and GAR936, tested against clinical isolates of Mycobacterium marinum.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02002;42(2):145\'96147.\
99. da Silva Telles\'a0M.A,\'a0Chimara\'a0E,\'a0Ferrazoli\'a0L,\'a0Riley\'a0L.W.\'a0Mycobacterium kansasii: antibiotic susceptibility and PCR-restriction analysis of clinical isolates.\'a0J Med Microbiol.\'a02005;54(Pt 10):975\'96979.\
100. Balabanova\'a0Y,\'a0Ruddy\'a0M,\'a0Hubb\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in Russia: clinical characteristics, analysis of second-line drug resistance and development of standardized therapy.\'a0Eur J Clin Microbiol.\'a02005;24(2):136\'96139.\
101. Walker\'a0N.F,\'a0Clark\'a0S.O,\'a0Oni\'a0T,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline and HIV infection suppress tuberculosis-induced matrix metalloproteinases.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02012;185(9):989\'96997.\
102. Brown\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J,\'a0Onyi\'a0G.\'a0Activities of the glycylcyclines N,N-dimethylglycylamido-minocycline and N,N-dimethylglycylamido-6-demethyl-6-deoxytetracycline against Nocardia spp. and tetracycline-resistant isolates of rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01996;40(4):874\'96878.\
103. Cercenado\'a0E,\'a0Marin\'a0M,\'a0Sanchez-Martinez\'a0M,\'a0Cuevas\'a0O,\'a0Martinez-Alarcon\'a0J,\'a0Bouza\'a0E.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline and eight other antimicrobials against different Nocardia species identified by molecular methods.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02007;51(3):1102\'961104.\
104. Chang\'a0H.R,\'a0Comte\'a0R,\'a0Pechere\'a0J.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro and in\'a0vivo effects of doxycycline on Toxoplasma gondii.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01990;34(5):775\'96780.\
105. Edlind\'a0T.D.\'a0Tetracyclines as antiparasitic agents: lipophilic derivatives are highly active against Giardia lamblia in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(12):2144\'962145.\
106. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hawkey\'a0P.M,\'a0Hinton\'a0M.\'a0Tetracyclines, molecular and clinical aspects.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01992;29(3):245\'96277.\
107. Metlay\'a0J.P,\'a0Waterer\'a0G.W,\'a0Long\'a0A.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Diagnosis and treatment of adults with community-acquired pneumonia. An official clinical practice guideline of the American Thoracic Society and Infectious Diseases Society of America.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02019;200(7):e45\'96e67.\
108. Choi\'a0S.H,\'a0Cesar\'a0A,\'a0Snow\'a0T.A.C,\'a0Saleem\'a0N,\'a0Arulkumaran\'a0N,\'a0Singer\'a0M.\'a0Efficacy of doxycycline for mild-to-moderate community-acquired pneumonia in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02022.\
109. Klein\'a0N.C,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Treatment of legionnaires\'92 disease.\'a0Semin Respir Infect.\'a01998;13(2):140\'96146.\
110. Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0The atypical pneumonias: clinical diagnosis and importance.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02006;12(Suppl 3):12\'9624.\
111. Shames\'a0J.M,\'a0George\'a0R.B,\'a0Holliday\'a0W.B,\'a0Rasch\'a0J.R,\'a0Mogabgab\'a0W.J.\'a0Comparison of antibiotics in the treatment of mycoplasmal pneumonia.\'a0Arch Intern Med.\'a01970;125(4):680\'96684.\
112. Jawetz\'a0E.\'a0Chemotherapy of chlamydial infections.\'a0Adv Pharmacol Chemother.\'a01969;7:253\'96282.\
113. Yung\'a0A.P,\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L.\'a0Psittacosis--a review of 135 cases.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01988;148(5):228\'96233.\
114. Khatib\'a0R,\'a0Thirumoorthi\'a0M.C,\'a0Kelly\'a0B,\'a0Grady\'a0K.J.\'a0Severe psittacosis during pregnancy and suppression of antibody response with early therapy.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01995;27(5):519\'96521.\
115. Lindenbaum\'a0J,\'a0Greenough\'a0W.B,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Antibiotic therapy of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01967;36(6):871\'96883.\
116. McCormack\'a0W.M,\'a0Chowdhury\'a0A.M,\'a0Jahangir\'a0N,\'a0Ahmed\'a0A.B,\'a0Mosley\'a0W.H.\'a0Tetracycline prophylaxis in families of cholera patients.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01968;38(5):787\'96792.\
117. Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Single dose tetracycline in cholera.\'a0Gut.\'a01987;28(8):1029\'961032.\
118. Rabbani\'a0G.H,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R,\'a0Butler\'a0T,\'a0Shahrier\'a0M,\'a0Alam\'a0K.\'a0Single-dose treatment of cholera with furazolidone or tetracycline in a double-blind randomized trial.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(9):1447\'961450.\
119. De\'a0S,\'a0Chaudhuri\'a0A,\'a0Dutta\'a0P,\'a0Dutta\'a0D,\'a0De\'a0S.P,\'a0Pal\'a0S.C.\'a0Doxycycline in the treatment of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01976;54(2):177\'96179.\
120. Yamamoto\'a0T,\'a0Nair\'a0G.B,\'a0Albert\'a0M.J,\'a0Parodi\'a0C.C,\'a0Takeda\'a0Y.\'a0Survey of in\'a0vitro susceptibilities of Vibrio cholerae O1 and O139 to antimicrobial agents.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(1):241\'96244.\
121. Gisbert\'a0J.P,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Gomollon\'a0F,\'a0Sainz\'a0R.\'a0[Treatment for the eradication of Helicobacter pylori. Recommendations of the Spanish consensus conference].\'a0Medicina Clinica.\'a02000;114(5):185\'96195.\
122. Gene\'a0E,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Azagra\'a0R,\'a0Gisbert\'a0J.P.\'a0Triple vs. quadruple therapy for treating Helicobacter pylori infection: a meta-analysis.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02003;17(9):1137\'961143.\
123. Cammarota\'a0G,\'a0Martino\'a0A,\'a0Pirozzi\'a0G,\'a0et al.\'a0High efficacy of 1-week doxycycline- and amoxicillin-based quadruple regimen in a culture-guided, third-line treatment approach for Helicobacter pylori infection.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02004;19(7):789\'96795.\
124. Sack\'a0D.A,\'a0Kaminsky\'a0D.C,\'a0Sack\'a0R.B,\'a0et al.\'a0Prophylactic doxycycline for travelers\'92 diarrhea. Results of a prospective double-blind study of Peace Corps volunteers in Kenya.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01978;298(14):758\'96763.\
125. Doernberg\'a0S.B,\'a0Winston\'a0L.G,\'a0Deck\'a0D.H,\'a0Chambers\'a0H.F.\'a0Does doxycycline protect against development of Clostridium difficile infection?\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02012;55(5):615\'96620.\
126. Baxter\'a0R,\'a0Ray\'a0G.T,\'a0Fireman\'a0B.H.\'a0Case-control study of antibiotic use and subsequent Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea in hospitalized patients.\'a0Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol.\'a02008;29(1):44\'9650.\
127. Tariq\'a0R,\'a0Cho\'a0J,\'a0Kapoor\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0Low risk of primary Clostridium difficile infection with tetracyclines: a systematic review and Metaanalysis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02018;66(4):514\'96522.\
128. Workowski\'a0K.A,\'a0Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Chan\'a0P.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021.\'a0MMWR Recommendations and Reports.\'a02021;70(4):1\'96187.\
129. Lau\'a0C.Y,\'a0Qureshi\'a0A.K.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for genital chlamydial infections: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a02002;29(9):497\'96502.\
130. Geisler\'a0W.M,\'a0Uniyal\'a0A,\'a0Lee\'a0J.Y,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for urogenital Chlamydia trachomatis infection.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02015;373(26):2512\'962521.\
131. Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Stephens\'a0J,\'a0Richey\'a0C.M,\'a0Hook\'a0E.W.\'a03rd. Measured versus self-reported compliance with doxycycline therapy for chlamydia-associated syndromes: high therapeutic success rates despite poor compliance.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a01999;26(5):272\'96278.\
132. Lau\'a0A,\'a0Kong\'a0F.Y.S,\'a0Fairley\'a0C.K,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin or doxycycline for asymptomatic rectal Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02021;384(25):2418\'962427.\
133. Dombrowski\'a0J.C,\'a0Wierzbicki\'a0M.R,\'a0Newman\'a0L.M,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of Rectal Chlamydia in men who have sex with men: a randomized controlled trial.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02021;73(5):824\'96831.\
134. Peuchant\'a0O,\'a0Lhomme\'a0E,\'a0Martinet\'a0P,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of anorectal Chlamydia trachomatis infection in women concurrent with vaginal infection (CHLAZIDOXY study): a multicentre, open-label, randomised, controlled, superiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02022;22(8):1221\'961230.\
135. Taylor-Robinson\'a0D,\'a0Furr\'a0P.M.\'a0Clinical antibiotic resistance of Ureaplasma urealyticum.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01986;5(6 Suppl):S335\'96S337.\
136. Wikstrom\'a0A,\'a0Jensen\'a0J.S.\'a0Mycoplasma genitalium: a common cause of persistent urethritis among men treated with doxycycline.\'a0Sex Transm. Infect.\'a02006;82(4):276\'96279.\
137. Bjornelius\'a0E,\'a0Anagrius\'a0C,\'a0Bojs\'a0G,\'a0et al.\'a0Antibiotic treatment of symptomatic Mycoplasma genitalium infection in Scandinavia: a controlled clinical trial.\'a0Sex Transm Infect.\'a02008;84(1):72\'9676.\
138. Orellana\'a0M.A,\'a0Gomez-Lus\'a0M.L.\'a0Which is the best empirical treatment in patients with urethritis?\'a0Rev Esp Quim.\'a02011;24(3):136\'96142.\
139. Newman\'a0L.M,\'a0Moran\'a0J.S,\'a0Workowski\'a0K.A.\'a0Update on the management of gonorrhea in adults in the United States.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02007;44(Suppl 3):S84\'96S101.\
140. Bolan\'a0R.K,\'a0Beymer\'a0M.R,\'a0Weiss\'a0R.E,\'a0Flynn\'a0R.P,\'a0Leibowitz\'a0A.A,\'a0Klausner\'a0J.D.\'a0Doxycycline prophylaxis to reduce incident syphilis among HIV-infected men who have sex with men who continue to engage in high-risk sex: a randomized, controlled pilot study.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a02015;42(2):98\'96103.\
141. Molina\'a0J.M,\'a0Charreau\'a0I,\'a0Chidiac\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0Post-exposure prophylaxis with doxycycline to prevent sexually transmitted infections in men who have sex with men: an open-label randomised substudy of the ANRS IPERGAY trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02018;18(3):308\'96317.\
142. Luetkemeyer\'a0A.F,\'a0Donnell\'a0D,\'a0Dombrowski\'a0J.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Postexposure doxycycline to prevent bacterial sexually transmitted infections.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02023;388(14):1296\'961306.\
143. Greaves\'a0A.B,\'a0Hilleman\'a0M.R,\'a0Taggart\'a0S.R,\'a0Bankhead\'a0A.B,\'a0Feld\'a0M.\'a0Chemotherapy in bubonic lymphogranuloma venereum: a clinical and serological evaluation.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01957;16(2):277\'96289.\
144. Ness\'a0R.B,\'a0Soper\'a0D.E,\'a0Holley\'a0R.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Effectiveness of inpatient and outpatient treatment strategies for women with pelvic inflammatory disease: results from the Pelvic Inflammatory Disease Evaluation and Clinical Health (PEACH) Randomized Trial.\'a0Am J Obstet Gynecol.\'a02002;186(5):929\'96937.\
145. Lantos\'a0P.M,\'a0Rumbaugh\'a0J,\'a0Bockenstedt\'a0L.K,\'a0et al.\'a0Clinical practice guidelines by the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA), American Academy of Neurology (AAN), and American College of Rheumatology (ACR): 2020 guidelines for the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of Lyme disease.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02021;72(1):1\'968.\'a0Page 351.e3.\
146. Stupica\'a0D,\'a0Collinet-Adler\'a0S,\'a0Blagus\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of erythema migrans with doxycycline for 7 days versus 14 days in Slovenia: a randomised open-label non-inferiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02022.\
147. Steere\'a0A.C,\'a0Levin\'a0R.E,\'a0Molloy\'a0P.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of Lyme arthritis.\'a0Arthritis Rheumatol.\'a01994;37(6):878\'96888.\
148. Karlsson\'a0M,\'a0Hammers-Berggren\'a0S,\'a0Lindquist\'a0L,\'a0Stiernstedt\'a0G,\'a0Svenungsson\'a0B.\'a0Comparison of intravenous penicillin G and oral doxycycline for treatment of Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Neurology.\'a01994;44(7):1203\'961207.\
149. Lj\'f8stad\'a0U,\'a0Skogvoll\'a0E,\'a0Eikeland\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Oral doxycycline versus intravenous ceftriaxone for European Lyme neuroborreliosis: a multicentre, non-inferiority, double-blind, randomised trial.\'a0Lancet Neurol.\'a02008;7(8):690\'96695.\
150. Bremell\'a0D,\'a0Dotevall\'a0L.\'a0Oral doxycycline for Lyme neuroborreliosis with symptoms of encephalitis, myelitis, vasculitis or intracranial hypertension.\'a0Eur Neurol.\'a02014;21(9):1162\'961167.\
151. Berende\'a0A,\'a0ter Hofstede\'a0H.J,\'a0Vos\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Randomized trial of longer-term therapy for symptoms attributed to Lyme disease.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02016;374(13):1209\'961220.\
152. Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Nowakowski\'a0J,\'a0Fish\'a0D,\'a0et al.\'a0Prophylaxis with single-dose doxycycline for the prevention of Lyme disease after an Ixodes scapularis tick bite.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02001;345(2):79\'9684.\
153. Perine\'a0P.L,\'a0Teklu\'a0B.\'a0Antibiotic treatment of louse-borne relapsing fever in Ethiopia: a report of 377 cases.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a01983;32(5):1096\'961100.\
154. Zenker\'a0P.N,\'a0Rolfs\'a0R.T.\'a0Treatment of syphilis, 1989.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01990;12(Suppl 6):S590\'96S609.\
155. Ghanem\'a0K.G,\'a0Erbelding\'a0E.J,\'a0Cheng\'a0W.W,\'a0Rompalo\'a0A.M.\'a0Doxycycline compared with benzathine penicillin for the treatment of early syphilis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02006;42(6):e45\'96e49.\
156. Psomas\'a0K.C,\'a0Brun\'a0M,\'a0Causse\'a0A,\'a0Atoui\'a0N,\'a0Reynes\'a0J,\'a0Le Moing\'a0V.\'a0Efficacy of ceftriaxone and doxycycline in the treatment of early syphilis.\'a0Med Mal Infect.\'a02012;42(1):15\'9619.\
157. Kang-Birken\'a0S.L,\'a0Castel\'a0U,\'a0Prichard\'a0J.G.\'a0Oral doxycycline for treatment of neurosyphilis in two patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02010;30(4):119e\'96122e.\
158. Girometti\'a0N,\'a0Junejo\'a0M.H,\'a0Nugent\'a0D,\'a0McOwan\'a0A,\'a0Whitlock\'a0G.\'a0Clinical and serological outcomes in patients treated with oral doxycycline for early neurosyphilis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02021;76(7):1916\'961919.\
159. De\'a0M.A,\'a0Solaro\'a0C,\'a0Abbruzzese\'a0M,\'a0Primavera\'a0A.\'a0Minocycline for symptomatic neurosyphilis in patients allergic to penicillin.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01997;337(18):1322\'961323.\
160. Farnsworth\'a0N,\'a0Rosen\'a0T.\'a0Endemic treponematosis: review and update.\'a0Clinics in Dermatology.\'a02006;24(3):181\'96190.\
161. Suputtamongkol\'a0Y,\'a0Niwattayakul\'a0K,\'a0Suttinont\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0An open, randomized, controlled trial of penicillin, doxycycline, and cefotaxime for patients with severe leptospirosis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02004;39(10):1417\'961424.\
162. Brett-Major\'a0D.M,\'a0Lipnick\'a0R.J.\'a0Antibiotic prophylaxis for leptospirosis.\'a0Cochrane Database Syst Rev.\'a02009(3):Cd007342.\
163. Griffith\'a0K.S,\'a0Lewis\'a0L.S,\'a0Mali\'a0S,\'a0Parise\'a0M.E.\'a0Treatment of malaria in the United States: a systematic review.\'a0JAMA.\'a02007;297(20):2264\'962277.\
164. Pukrittayakamee\'a0S,\'a0Clemens\'a0R,\'a0Chantra\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Therapeutic responses to antibacterial drugs in vivax malaria.\'a0Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg.\'a02001;95(5):524\'96528.\
165. Ohrt\'a0C,\'a0Richie\'a0T.L,\'a0Widjaja\'a0H,\'a0et al.\'a0Mefloquine compared with doxycycline for the prophylaxis of malaria in Indonesian soldiers. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01997;126(12):963\'96972.\
166. Sonmez\'a0A,\'a0Harlak\'a0A,\'a0Kilic\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0The efficacy and tolerability of doxycycline and mefloquine in malaria prophylaxis of the ISAF troops in Afghanistan.\'a0J Infect Res.\'a02005;51(3):253\'96258.\
167. Rieckmann\'a0K.H,\'a0Yeo\'a0A.E,\'a0Davis\'a0D.R,\'a0Hutton\'a0D.C,\'a0Wheatley\'a0P.F,\'a0Simpson\'a0R.\'a0Recent military experience with malaria chemoprophylaxis.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01993;158(7):446\'96449.\
168. Pang\'a0L.W,\'a0Limsomwong\'a0N,\'a0Boudreau\'a0E.F,\'a0Singharaj\'a0P.\'a0Doxycycline prophylaxis for falciparum malaria.\'a0Lancet.\'a01987;1(8543):1161\'961164.\
169. Pang\'a0L,\'a0Limsomwong\'a0N,\'a0Singharaj\'a0P.\'a0Prophylactic treatment of vivax and falciparum malaria with low-dose doxycycline.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01988;158(5):1124\'961127.\
170. Shmuklarsky\'a0M.J,\'a0Boudreau\'a0E.F,\'a0Pang\'a0L.W,\'a0et al.\'a0Failure of doxycycline as a causal prophylactic agent against Plasmodium falciparum malaria in healthy nonimmune volunteers.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01994;120(4):294\'96299.\
171. Tan\'a0K.R,\'a0Magill\'a0A.J,\'a0Parise\'a0M.E,\'a0Arguin\'a0P.M.\'a0Doxycycline for malaria chemoprophylaxis and treatment: report from the CDC expert meeting on malaria chemoprophylaxis.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02011;84(4):517\'96531.\
172. Fan\'a0M.Y,\'a0Walker\'a0D.H,\'a0Yu\'a0S.R,\'a0Liu\'a0Q.H.\'a0Epidemiology and ecology of rickettsial diseases in the People\'92s Republic of China.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(4):823\'96840.\
173. Gudiol\'a0F,\'a0Pallares\'a0R,\'a0Carratala\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Randomized double-blind evaluation of ciprofloxacin and doxycycline for Mediterranean spotted fever.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(6):987\'96988.\
174. Perine\'a0P.L,\'a0Chandler\'a0B.P,\'a0Krause\'a0D.K,\'a0et al.\'a0A clinico-epidemiological study of epidemic typhus in Africa.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01992;14(5):1149\'961158.\
175. Minniear\'a0T.D,\'a0Buckingham\'a0S.C.\'a0Managing rocky mountain spotted fever.\'a0Expert Rev Anti-infect Ther.\'a02009;7(9):1131\'961137.\
176. Ariza\'a0J,\'a0Bosilkovski\'a0M,\'a0Cascio\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Perspectives for the treatment of brucellosis in the 21st century: the Ioannina recommendations.\'a0PLoS Medicine.\'a02007;4(12):e317.\
177. Solera\'a0J,\'a0Martinez-Alfaro\'a0E,\'a0Saez\'a0L.\'a0Meta-analysis of the efficacy of the combination of +rifampicin and doxycycline in the treatment of human brucellosis.\'a0Med Clin.\'a01994;102(19):731\'96738.\
178. Hasanjani Roushan\'a0M.R,\'a0Mohraz\'a0M,\'a0Hajiahmadi\'a0M,\'a0Ramzani\'a0A,\'a0Valayati\'a0A.A.\'a0Efficacy of gentamicin plus doxycycline versus streptomycin plus doxycycline in the treatment of brucellosis in humans.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02006;42(8):1075\'961080.\
179. Hasanain\'a0A,\'a0Mahdy\'a0R,\'a0Mohamed\'a0A,\'a0Ali\'a0M.\'a0A randomized, comparative study of dual therapy (doxycycline-rifampin) versus triple therapy (doxycycline-rifampin-levofloxacin) for treating acute/subacute brucellosis.\'a0Braz J Infect Dis.\'a02016;20(3):250\'96254.\
180. Pappas\'a0G,\'a0Seitaridis\'a0S,\'a0Akritidis\'a0N,\'a0Tsianos\'a0E.\'a0Treatment of brucella spondylitis: lessons from an impossible meta-analysis and initial report of efficacy of a fluoroquinolone-containing regimen.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;24(5):502\'96507.\
181. Powell\'a0O.W,\'a0Kennedy\'a0K.P,\'a0Mc\'a0I.M,\'a0Silverstone\'a0H.\'a0Tetracycline in the treatment of \'93Q\'94 fever.\'a0Australas Ann Med.\'a01962;11:184\'96188.\
182. Spelman\'a0D.W.\'a0Q fever: a study of 111 consecutive cases.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01982;1(13):547\'96548\'a0551, 553.\
183. Maurin\'a0M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Q fever.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a01999;12(4):518\'96553.\
184. Ferrante\'a0M.A,\'a0Dolan\'a0M.J.\'a0Q fever meningoencephalitis in a soldier returning from the Persian Gulf War.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01993;16(4):489\'96496.\
185. Fenollar\'a0F,\'a0Fournier\'a0P.E,\'a0Carrieri\'a0M.P,\'a0Habib\'a0G,\'a0Messana\'a0T,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Risks factors and prevention of Q fever endocarditis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;33(3):312\'96316.\
186. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Houpikian\'a0P,\'a0Tissot Dupont\'a0H,\'a0Riss\'a0J.M,\'a0Arditi-Djiane\'a0J,\'a0Brouqui\'a0P.\'a0Treatment of Q fever endocarditis: comparison of 2 regimens containing doxycycline and ofloxacin or hydroxychloroquine.\'a0Arch Intern Med.\'a01999;159(2):167\'96173.\
187. Chaowagul\'a0W,\'a0Chierakul\'a0W,\'a0Simpson\'a0A.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Open-label randomized trial of oral trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, doxycycline, and chloramphenicol compared with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole and doxycycline for maintenance therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(10):4020\'964025.\
188. Chaowagul\'a0W,\'a0Simpson\'a0A.J,\'a0Suputtamongkol\'a0Y,\'a0Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Angus\'a0B.J,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0A comparison of chloramphenicol, trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, and doxycycline with doxycycline alone as maintenance therapy for melioidosis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01999;29(2):375\'96380.\
189. Fredeking\'a0T.M,\'a0Zavala-Castro\'a0J.E,\'a0Gonzalez-Martinez\'a0P,\'a0et al.\'a0Dengue patients treated with doxycycline showed lower mortality associated to a reduction in IL-6 and TNF levels.\'a0Recent Patents on Anti-infective Drug Discovery.\'a02015;10(1):51\'9658.\
190. Haik\'a0S,\'a0Marcon\'a0G,\'a0Mallet\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline in Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease: a phase 2, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0The Lancet Neurology.\'a02014;13(2):150\'96158.\
191. Varges\'a0D,\'a0Manthey\'a0H,\'a0Heinemann\'a0U,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline in early CJD: a double-blinded randomised phase II and observational study.\'a0J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry Res.\'a02017;88(2):119\'96125.\
192. Ritchie\'a0D.J,\'a0Garavaglia-Wilson\'a0A.\'a0A review of intravenous minocycline for treatment of multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter infections.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02014;59(Suppl 6):S374\'96S380.\
193. Pogue\'a0J.M,\'a0Neelakanta\'a0A,\'a0Mynatt\'a0R.P,\'a0Sharma\'a0S,\'a0Lephart\'a0P,\'a0Kaye\'a0K.S.\'a0Carbapenem-resistance in gram-negative bacilli and intravenous minocycline: an antimicrobial stewardship approach at the Detroit Medical Center.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02014;59(Suppl 6):S388\'96S393.\
194. Hand\'a0E,\'a0Davis\'a0H,\'a0Kim\'a0T,\'a0Duhon\'a0B.\'a0Monotherapy with minocycline or trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole for treatment of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia infections.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02016;71(4):1071\'961075.\
195. Tan\'a0H.H.\'a0Antibacterial therapy for acne: a guide to selection and use of systemic agents.\'a0Am J Clin Dermatol.\'a02003;4(5):307\'96314.\
196. Stewart\'a0D.M,\'a0Torok\'a0H.M,\'a0Weiss\'a0J.S,\'a0Plott\'a0R.T.\'a0Dose-ranging efficacy of new once-daily extended-release minocycline for acne vulgaris.\'a0Cutis.\'a02006;78(4 Suppl):11\'9620.\
197. O\'92Dell\'a0J.R,\'a0Elliott\'a0J.R,\'a0Mallek\'a0J.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of early seropositive rheumatoid arthritis: doxycycline plus methotrexate versus methotrexate alone.\'a0Arthritis and Rheumatism.\'a02006;54(2):621\'96627.\
198. Tilley\'a0B.C,\'a0Alarcon\'a0G.S,\'a0Heyse\'a0S.P,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline in rheumatoid arthritis. A 48-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. MIRA Trial Group.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01995;122(2):81\'9689.\
199. O\'92Dell\'a0J.R,\'a0Paulsen\'a0G,\'a0Haire\'a0C.E,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of early seropositive rheumatoid arthritis with minocycline: four-year followup of a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0Arthritis and Rheumatol.\'a01999;42(8):1691\'961695.\
200. Matsuyama\'a0A,\'a0Sakai\'a0N,\'a0Ishigami\'a0M,\'a0Hiraoka\'a0H,\'a0Yamashita\'a0S.\'a0Minocycline for the treatment of Takayasu arteritis.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a02005;143(5):394\'96395.\
201. Sorensen\'a0P.S,\'a0Sellebjerg\'a0F,\'a0Lycke\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline added to subcutaneous interferon \uc0\u946 -1a in multiple sclerosis: randomized RECYCLINE study.\'a0Eur Neurol.\'a02016;23(5):861\'96870.\
202. Metz\'a0L.M,\'a0Li\'a0D.K.B,\'a0Traboulsee\'a0A.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Trial of minocycline in a clinically isolated syndrome of multiple sclerosis.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02017;376(22):2122\'962133.\
203. Brouillard\'a0J.E,\'a0Terriff\'a0C.M,\'a0Tofan\'a0A,\'a0Garrison\'a0M.W.\'a0Antibiotic selection and resistance issues with fluoroquinolones and doxycycline against bioterrorism agents.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02006;26(1):3\'9614.\
204. Roberts\'a0M.C.\'a0Tetracycline resistance determinants: mechanisms of action, regulation of expression, genetic mobility, and distribution.\'a0FEMS Microbiol Rev.\'a01996;19(1):1\'9624.\
205. Roberts\'a0M.C.\'a0Tetracycline therapy: update.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02003;36(4):462\'96467.\
206. Chopra\'a0I.\'a0New developments in tetracycline antibiotics: glycylcyclines and tetracycline efflux pump inhibitors.\'a0Drug Resistance Updates.\'a02002;5(3\'964):119\'96125.\
207. Paulsen\'a0I.T,\'a0Brown\'a0M.H,\'a0Skurray\'a0R.A.\'a0Proton-dependent multidrug efflux systems.\'a0Microbiol Rev.\'a01996;60(4):575\'96608.\
208. Connell\'a0S.R,\'a0Tracz\'a0D.M,\'a0Nierhaus\'a0K.H,\'a0Taylor\'a0D.E.\'a0Ribosomal protection proteins and their mechanism of tetracycline resistance.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(12):3675\'963681.\
209. Rasmussen\'a0B.A,\'a0Gluzman\'a0Y,\'a0Tally\'a0F.P.\'a0Inhibition of protein synthesis occurring on tetracycline-resistant, TetM-protected ribosomes by a novel class of tetracyclines, the glycylcyclines.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(7):1658\'961660.\
210. Melville\'a0C.M,\'a0Scott\'a0K.P,\'a0Mercer\'a0D.K,\'a0Flint\'a0H.J.\'a0Novel tetracycline resistance gene, tet(32), in the Clostridium-related human colonic anaerobe K10 and its transmission in\'a0vitro to the rumen anaerobe Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02001;45(11):3246\'963249.\
211. Speer\'a0B.S,\'a0Salyers\'a0A.A.\'a0Novel aerobic tetracycline resistance gene that chemically modifies tetracycline.\'a0J Bacter.\'a01989;171(1):148\'96153.\
212. Yang\'a0W,\'a0Moore\'a0I.F,\'a0Koteva\'a0K.P,\'a0Bareich\'a0D.C,\'a0Hughes\'a0D.W,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0TetX is a flavin-dependent monooxygenase conferring resistance to tetracycline antibiotics.\'a0J Biol Chem.\'a02004;279(50):52346\'9652352.\
213. Moore\'a0I.F,\'a0Hughes\'a0D.W,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0Tigecycline is modified by the flavin-dependent monooxygenase TetX.\'a0Biochemistry.\'a02005;44(35):11829\'9611835.\
214. Cohen\'a0S.P,\'a0McMurry\'a0L.M,\'a0Levy\'a0S.B.\'a0marA locus causes decreased expression of OmpF porin in multiple-antibiotic-resistant (Mar) mutants of Escherichia coli.\'a0J Bacteriol.\'a01988;170(12):5416\'965422.\
215. Gerrits\'a0M.M,\'a0de Zoete\'a0M.R,\'a0Arents\'a0N.L,\'a0Kuipers\'a0E.J,\'a0Kusters\'a0J.G.\'a016S rRNA mutation-mediated tetracycline resistance in Helicobacter pylori.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02002;46(9):2996\'963000.\
216. Trieber\'a0C.A,\'a0Taylor\'a0D.E.\'a0Mutations in the 16S rRNA genes of Helicobacter pylori mediate resistance to tetracycline.\'a0J Bacteriol.\'a02002;184(8):2131\'962140.\
217. Smith\'a0K,\'a0Leyden\'a0J.J.\'a0Safety of doxycycline and minocycline: a systematic review.\'a0Clin Therap.\'a02005;27(9):1329\'961342.\
218. Lebrun-Vignes\'a0B,\'a0Kreft-Jais\'a0C,\'a0Castot\'a0A,\'a0Chosidow\'a0O.\'a0Comparative analysis of adverse drug reactions to tetracyclines: results of a French national survey and review of the literature.\'a0Br J Dermatol.\'a02012;166(6):1333\'961341.\
219. Hey\'a0H,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0F,\'a0Sorensen\'a0K,\'a0Hasselbalch\'a0H,\'a0Wamberg\'a0T.\'a0Oesophageal transit of six commonly used tablets and capsules.\'a0Br Med J (Clinical Research Ed).\'a01982;285(6356):1717\'961719.\'a0Page 351.e4.\
220. Winckler\'a0K.\'a0Tetracycline ulcers of the oesophagus, Endoscopy, histology and roentgenology in two cases, and review of the literature.\'a0Endoscopy.\'a01981;13(6):225\'96228.\
221. Fanning\'a0W.L,\'a0Gump\'a0D.W,\'a0Sofferman\'a0R.A.\'a0Side effects of minocycline: a double-blind study.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(4):712\'96717.\
222. Shea\'a0C.R,\'a0Olack\'a0G.A,\'a0Morrison\'a0H,\'a0Chen\'a0N,\'a0Hasan\'a0T.\'a0Phototoxicity of lumidoxycycline.\'a0J Invest Dermatol.\'a01993;101(3):329\'96333.\
223. Bethell\'a0H.J.\'a0Photo-onycholysis caused by demethylchlortetracycline.\'a0Br Med J.\'a01977;2(6079):96.\
224. Fenske\'a0N.A,\'a0Millns\'a0J.L,\'a0Greer\'a0K.E.\'a0Minocycline-induced pigmentation at sites of cutaneous inflammation.\'a0JAMA.\'a01980;244(10):1103\'961106.\
225. Simons\'a0J.J,\'a0Morales\'a0A.\'a0Minocycline and generalized cutaneous pigmentation.\'a0J Am Acad Dermatol.\'a01980;3(3):244\'96247.\
226. Cale\'a0A.E,\'a0Freedman\'a0P.D,\'a0Lumerman\'a0H.\'a0Pigmentation of the jawbones and teeth secondary to minocycline hydrochloride therapy.\'a0Journal of Periodontology.\'a01988;59(2):112\'96114.\
227. Odell\'a0E.W,\'a0Hodgson\'a0R.P,\'a0Haskell\'a0R.\'a0Oral presentation of minocycline-induced black bone disease.\'a0Oral Surgery, Oral Medicine, Oral Pathology, Oral Radiology, and Endodontics.\'a01995;79(4):459\'96461.\
228. Siller\'a0G.M,\'a0Tod\'a0M.A,\'a0Savage\'a0N.W.\'a0Minocycline-induced oral pigmentation.\'a0J Am Acad Dermatol.\'a01994;30(2 Pt 2):350\'96354.\
229. Attwood\'a0H.D.\'a0A black thyroid and minocycline therapy.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01983;1(12):549.\
230. Landas\'a0S.K,\'a0Schelper\'a0R.L,\'a0Tio\'a0F.O,\'a0Turner\'a0J.W,\'a0Moore\'a0K.C,\'a0Bennett-Gray\'a0J.\'a0Black thyroid syndrome: exaggeration of a normal process?\'a0Am J Clin Pathol.\'a01986;85(4):411\'96418.\
231. Demers\'a0P,\'a0Fraser\'a0D,\'a0Goldbloom\'a0R.B,\'a0et al.\'a0Effects of tetracyclines on skeletal growth and dentition. A report by the Nutrition Committee of the Canadian Paediatric Society.\'a0Can Med Assoc.\'a01968;99(17):849\'96854.\
232. Moffitt\'a0J.M,\'a0Cooley\'a0R.O,\'a0Olsen\'a0N.H,\'a0Hefferren\'a0J.J.\'a0Prediction of tetracycline-induced tooth discoloration.\'a0J Am Dent Assoc (1939).\'a01974;88(3):547\'96552.\
233. Witkop\'a0Jr.\'a0C.J,\'a0Wolf\'a0R.O.\'a0Hypoplasia and intrinsic staining of enamel following tetracycline therapy.\'a0JAMA.\'a01963;185:1008\'961011.\
234. McIntosh\'a0H.A,\'a0Storey\'a0E.\'a0Tetracycline-induced tooth changes.4. Discoloration and hypoplasia induced by tetracycline analogues.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01970;1(3):114\'96119.\
235. Grossman\'a0E.R,\'a0Walchek\'a0A,\'a0Freedman\'a0H.\'a0Tetracyclines and permanent teeth: the relation between dose and tooth color.\'a0Pediatrics.\'a01971;47(3):567\'96570.\
236. Todd\'a0S.R,\'a0Dahlgren\'a0F.S,\'a0Traeger\'a0M.S,\'a0et al.\'a0No visible dental staining in children treated with doxycycline for suspected Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a02015;166(5):1246\'961251.\
237. Volovitz\'a0B,\'a0Shkap\'a0R,\'a0Amir\'a0J,\'a0Calderon\'a0S,\'a0Varsano\'a0I,\'a0Nussinovitch\'a0M.\'a0Absence of tooth staining with doxycycline treatment in young children.\'a0Clin Pediatr.\'a02007;46(2):121\'96126.\
238. Toaff\'a0R,\'a0Ravid\'a0R.\'a0Tetracyclines and the teeth.\'a0Lancet.\'a01966;2(7457):281\'96282.\
239. Cohlan\'a0S.Q.\'a0Teratogenic agents and congenital malformations.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a01963;63:650\'96659.\
240. Schultz\'a0J.C,\'a0Adamson\'a0JS.\'a0J.r,\'a0Workman\'a0W.W,\'a0Norman\'a0T.D.\'a0Fatal liver disease after intravenous administration of tetracycline in high dosage.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01963;269:999\'961004.\
241. Carson\'a0J.L,\'a0Strom\'a0B.L,\'a0Duff\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Acute liver disease associated with erythromycins, sulfonamides, and tetracyclines.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01993;119(7 Pt 1):576\'96583.\
242. Vial\'a0T,\'a0Biour\'a0M,\'a0Descotes\'a0J,\'a0Trepo\'a0C.\'a0Antibiotic-associated hepatitis: update from 1990.\'a0Ann Pharmacother.\'a01997;31(2):204\'96220.\
243. Shils\'a0M.E.\'a0Renal disease and the metabolic effects of tetracycline.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01963;58:389\'96408.\
244. Montoliu\'a0J,\'a0Carrera\'a0M,\'a0Darnell\'a0A,\'a0Revert\'a0L.\'a0Lactic acidosis and Fanconi\'92s syndrome due to degraded tetracycline.\'a0Br. Med. J (Clinical Research Ed).\'a01981;283(6306):1576\'961577.\
245. Lander\'a0C.M.\'a0Minocycline-induced benign intracranial hypertension.\'a0Exp Neurol.\'a01989;26:161\'96167.\
246. Koch-Weser\'a0J,\'a0Gilmore\'a0E.B.\'a0Benign intracranial hypertension in an adult after tetracycline therapy.\'a0JAMA.\'a01967;200(4):345\'96347.\
247. Chiu\'a0A.M,\'a0Chuenkongkaew\'a0W.L,\'a0Cornblath\'a0W.T,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline treatment and pseudotumor cerebri syndrome.\'a0Am J Ophthalmol.\'a01998;126(1):116\'96121.\
248. Kesler\'a0A,\'a0Goldhammer\'a0Y,\'a0Hadayer\'a0A,\'a0Pianka\'a0P.\'a0The outcome of pseudotumor cerebri induced by tetracycline therapy.\'a0Acta Neurologica Scandinavica.\'a02004;110(6):408\'96411.\
249. Lochhead\'a0J,\'a0Elston\'a0J.S.\'a0Doxycycline induced intracranial hypertension.\'a0BMJ (Clinical Research Ed).\'a02003;326(7390):641\'96642.\
250. Knowles\'a0S.R,\'a0Shapiro\'a0L,\'a0Shear\'a0N.H.\'a0Serious adverse reactions induced by minocycline. Report of 13 patients and review of the literature.\'a0Arch Dermatol.\'a01996;132(8):934\'96939.\
251. Fellner\'a0M.J,\'a0Baer\'a0R.L.\'a0Anaphylactic reaction to tetracycline in a penicillin-allergic patient: immunologic studies.\'a0JAMA.\'a01965;192:997\'96998.\
252. Cac\'a0N.N,\'a0Messingham\'a0M.J,\'a0Sniezek\'a0P.J,\'a0Walling\'a0H.W.\'a0Stevens-Johnson syndrome induced by doxycycline.\'a0Cutis.\'a02007;79(2):119\'96122.\
253. Czeizel\'a0A.E,\'a0Rockenbauer\'a0M.\'a0Teratogenic study of doxycycline.\'a0Obstet Gynecol.\'a01997;89(4):524\'96528.\
254. Rosa\'a0F.\'a0Drugs in Pregnancy and Lactation: A Reference Guide to Fetal and Neonatal Risk.\'a0Philadelphia (PA):\'a0Lippincott Williams & Wilkins;\'a02002.\
255. Kaundinnyayana\'a0S,\'a0Kamath\'a0A.\'a0Doxycycline use and adverse pregnancy or neonatal outcomes: a descriptive study using the United States Food and Drug Administration Adverse Event Reporting System database.\'a0Health Sci Rep.\'a02022;5(6):e931.\
256. Ellis-Grosse\'a0E.J,\'a0Babinchak\'a0T,\'a0Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Rose\'a0G,\'a0Loh\'a0E.\'a0The efficacy and safety of tigecycline in the treatment of skin and skin-structure infections: results of 2 double-blind phase 3 comparison studies with vancomycin-aztreonam.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02005;41(Suppl 5):S341\'96S353.\
257. Babinchak\'a0T,\'a0Ellis-Grosse\'a0E,\'a0Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Rose\'a0G.M,\'a0Loh\'a0E.\'a0The efficacy and safety of tigecycline for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections: analysis of pooled clinical trial data.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02005;41(Suppl 5):S354\'96S367.\
258. Tanaseanu\'a0C,\'a0Bergallo\'a0C,\'a0Teglia\'a0O,\'a0et al.\'a0Integrated results of 2 phase 3 studies comparing tigecycline and levofloxacin in community-acquired pneumonia.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02008;61(3):329\'96338.\
259. Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Castaing\'a0N,\'a0Gandjini\'a0H,\'a0Cooper\'a0A.\'a0Tigecycline versus levofloxacin for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia: European experience.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother (Florence, Italy).\'a02008;20(Suppl 1):28\'9635.\
260. FDA. Increased risk of death with Tygacil (tigecycline) compared to other antibiotics used to treat similar infections. http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DrugSafety/ucm224370.htm. (Accessed December 9, 2012).\
261. FDA. FDA Drug Safety Communication: FDA Warns of Increased Risk of Death with IV Antibacterial Tygacil (Tigecycline) and Approves New Boxed Warning. http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DrugSafety/ucm369580.htm. (Accessed January 26, 2014).\
262. McGovern\'a0P.C,\'a0Wible\'a0M,\'a0El-Tahtawy\'a0A,\'a0Biswas\'a0P,\'a0Meyer\'a0R.D.\'a0All-cause mortality imbalance in the tigecycline phase 3 and 4 clinical trials.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02013;41(5):463\'96467.\
263. Sum\'a0P.E,\'a0Lee\'a0V.J,\'a0Testa\'a0R.T,\'a0et al.\'a0Glycylcyclines. 1. A new generation of potent antibacterial agents through modification of 9-aminotetracyclines.\'a0J Med Chem.\'a01994;37(1):184\'96188.\
264. Bauer\'a0G,\'a0Berens\'a0C,\'a0Projan\'a0S.J,\'a0Hillen\'a0W.\'a0Comparison of tetracycline and tigecycline binding to ribosomes mapped by dimethylsulphate and drug-directed Fe2+ cleavage of 16S rRNA.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02004;53(4):592\'96599.\
265. Olson\'a0M.W,\'a0Ruzin\'a0A,\'a0Feyfant\'a0E,\'a0Rush\'a03rd.\'a0T.S,\'a0O\'92Connell\'a0J,\'a0Bradford\'a0P.A.\'a0Functional, biophysical, and structural bases for antibacterial activity of tigecycline.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(6):2156\'962166.\
266. Bergeron\'a0J,\'a0Ammirati\'a0M,\'a0Danley\'a0D,\'a0et al.\'a0Glycylcyclines bind to the high-affinity tetracycline ribosomal binding site and evade Tet(M)- and Tet(O)-mediated ribosomal protection.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01996;40(9):2226\'962228.\
267. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Homenuik\'a0K,\'a0Nichol\'a0K,\'a0et al.\'a0The glycylcyclines: a comparative review with the tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a02004;64(1):63\'9688.\
268. Wyeth. Tygacil (tigecycline) package insert. In: Wyeth Pharmaceuticals I, ed. Philadelphia, PA2011.\
269. Troy\'a0S,\'a0Muralidharan\'a0G,\'a0Micalizzi\'a0M,\'a0Mojaverian\'a0P,\'a0Salacinski\'a0L,\'a0Raible\'a0D.\'a0The effects of renal disease on the pharmacokinetics of tigecycline (GAR-936) (Abstract A-43).\'a0In:\'a0Proceedings of the 43rd Annual Meeting of the Interscience Conference on Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy.\'a02003\'a0Chicago, IL.\
270. Frampton\'a0J.E,\'a0Curran\'a0M.P.\'a0Tigecycline.\'a0Drugs.\'a02005;65(18):2623\'962635\'a0discussion 2636-2627.\
271. Muralidharan\'a0G,\'a0Fruncillo\'a0R.J,\'a0Micalizzi\'a0M,\'a0Raible\'a0D.G,\'a0Troy\'a0S.M.\'a0Effects of age and sex on single-dose pharmacokinetics of tigecycline in healthy subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(4):1656\'961659.\
272. Muralidharan\'a0G,\'a0Micalizzi\'a0M,\'a0Speth\'a0J,\'a0Raible\'a0D,\'a0Troy\'a0S.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of tigecycline after single and multiple doses in healthy subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(1):220\'96229.\
273. Rodvold\'a0K.A,\'a0Gotfried\'a0M.H,\'a0Cwik\'a0M,\'a0Korth-Bradley\'a0J.M,\'a0Dukart\'a0G,\'a0Ellis-Grosse\'a0E.J.\'a0Serum, tissue and body fluid concentrations of tigecycline after a single 100 mg dose.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(6):1221\'961229.\
274. Bhattacharya\'a0I,\'a0Gotfried\'a0M.H,\'a0Ji\'a0A.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Reassessment of tigecycline bone concentrations in volunteers undergoing elective orthopedic procedures.\'a0J Clin Pharmacol.\'a02014;54(1):70\'9674.\
275. Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetic considerations regarding tigecycline for multidrug-resistant (MDR) Klebsiella pneumoniae or MDR Acinetobacter baumannii urosepsis.\'a0J Clin Microbiol.\'a02009;47(5):1613.\
276. Livermore\'a0D.M.\'a0Tigecycline: what is it, and where should it be used?\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02005;56(4):611\'96614.\
277. Barbour\'a0A,\'a0Scaglione\'a0F,\'a0Derendorf\'a0H.\'a0Class-dependent relevance of tissue distribution in the interpretation of anti-infective pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic indices.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02010;35(5):431\'96438.\
278. Hoffmann\'a0M,\'a0DeMaio\'a0W,\'a0Jordan\'a0R.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Metabolism, excretion, and pharmacokinetics of [14C]tigecycline, a first-in-class glycylcycline antibiotic, after intravenous infusion to healthy male subjects.\'a0Drug Metab Dispos.\'a02007;35(9):1543\'961553.\
279. Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Kreiswirth\'a0B.N,\'a0Weiss\'a0K,\'a0Willey\'a0B.M.\'a0Activity of GAR-936 and other antimicrobial agents against North American isolates of Staphylococcus aureus.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02002;20(3):220\'96222.\
280. Goff\'a0D.A,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0Prevalence and regional variation in meticillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) in the USA and comparative in\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline, a glycylcycline antimicrobial.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02007;56(Pt 9):1189\'961193.\
281. Gales\'a0A.C,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R.\'a0Tigecycline activity tested against 11808 bacterial pathogens recently collected from US medical centers.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02008;60(4):421\'96427.\
282. Mendes\'a0R.E,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Deshpande\'a0L,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Antimicrobial activity of tigecycline against community-acquired methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates recovered from North American medical centers.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02008;60(4):433\'96436.\
283. Namdari\'a0H,\'a0Tan\'a0T.Y,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0Activity of tigecycline and comparators against skin and skin structure pathogens: global results of the Tigecycline evaluation and surveillance trial, 2004-2009.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02012;16(1):e60\'96e66.\
284. Borbone\'a0S,\'a0Lupo\'a0A,\'a0Mezzatesta\'a0M.L,\'a0Campanile\'a0F,\'a0Santagati\'a0M,\'a0Stefani\'a0S.\'a0Evaluation of the in\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline against multiresistant Gram-positive cocci containing tetracycline resistance determinants.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02008;31(3):209\'96215.\
285. Cercenado\'a0E,\'a0Cercenado\'a0S,\'a0Gomez\'a0J.A,\'a0Bouza\'a0E.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline (GAR-936), a novel glycylcycline, against vancomycin-resistant enterococci and staphylococci with diminished susceptibility to glycopeptides.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(1):138\'96139.\
286. Aznar\'a0J,\'a0Lepe\'a0J.A,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility among E. faecalis and E. faecium from France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the UK (T.E.S.T. Surveillance Study, 2004-2009).\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother (Florence, Italy).\'a02012;24(2):74\'9680.\
287. Lee do\'a0K,\'a0Kim\'a0Y,\'a0Park\'a0K.S,\'a0Yang\'a0J.W,\'a0Kim\'a0K,\'a0Ha\'a0N.J.\'a0Antimicrobial activity of mupirocin, daptomycin, linezolid, quinupristin/dalfopristin and tigecycline against vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) from clinical isolates in Korea (1998 and 2005).\'a0J Biochem Mol.\'a02007;40(6):881\'96887.\
288. Moet\'a0G.J,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Tigecycline (GAR-936) activity against Streptococcus gallolyticus (bovis) and viridans group streptococci.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02007;57(3):333\'96336.\
289. Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Stilwell\'a0M.G,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Potency and spectrum of tigecycline tested against an international collection of bacterial pathogens associated with skin and soft tissue infections (2000-2004).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):195\'96201.\
290. Hoban\'a0D.J,\'a0Bouchillon\'a0S.K,\'a0Johnson\'a0B.M,\'a0Johnson\'a0J.L,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline against 6792 gram-negative and gram-positive clinical isolates from the global tigecycline evaluation and surveillance trial (TEST program, 2004).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):215\'96227.\
291. Hoellman\'a0D.B,\'a0Pankuch\'a0G.A,\'a0Jacobs\'a0M.R,\'a0Appelbaum\'a0P.C.\'a0Antipneumococcal activities of GAR-936 (a new glycylcycline) compared to those of nine other agents against penicillin-susceptible and -resistant pneumococci.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(4):1085\'961088.\
292. Salas\'a0C,\'a0Calvo\'a0J,\'a0Martinez-Martinez\'a0L.\'a0Activity of tigecycline against Coryneform bacteria of clinical interest and Listeria monocytogenes.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(4):1503\'961505.\
293. Milatovic\'a0D,\'a0Schmitz\'a0F.J,\'a0Verhoef\'a0J,\'a0Fluit\'a0A.C.\'a0Activities of the glycylcycline tigecycline (GAR-936) against 1,924 recent European clinical bacterial isolates.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(1):400\'96404.\
294. Garcia\'a0C.P,\'a0Juliet\'a0L.C,\'a0Fernandez\'a0V.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Multicenter study on the monitoring of in\'a0vitro susceptibility to tigeeyeline in Santiago, Chile.\'a0Revista chilena de infectologia.\'a02009;26(3):220\'96226.\'a0Page 351.e5.\
295. Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Strabala\'a0P.A,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Activity of tigecycline tested against a global collection of Enterobacteriaceae, including tetracycline-resistant isolates.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):209\'96213.\
296. Nabuurs-Franssen\'a0M,\'a0Mouton\'a0J.W.\'a0Tigecycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:881\'96892.\
297. Bouchillon\'a0S.K,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J,\'a0Johnson\'a0B.M,\'a0Johnson\'a0J.L,\'a0Hsiung\'a0A,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline against 3989 gram-negative and gram-positive clinical isolates from the United States tigecycline evaluation and surveillance trial (TEST program; 2004).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):173\'96179.\
298. Castanheira\'a0M,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Deshpande\'a0L.M,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Antimicrobial activities of tigecycline and other broad-spectrum antimicrobials tested against serine carbapenemase- and metallo-beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae: report from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(2):570\'96573.\
299. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Karlowsky\'a0J.A,\'a0Rubinstein\'a0E,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J.\'a0Tigecycline: a novel glycylcycline antibiotic.\'a0Expert Rev Anti-infect Ther.\'a02006;4(1):9\'9625.\
300. Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Park\'a0C.H.\'a0Update on antimicrobial susceptibility rates among gram-negative and gram-positive organisms in the United States: results from the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) 2005 to 2007.\'a0Clinical Therapeutics.\'a02008;30(11):2040\'962050.\
301. Navon-Venezia\'a0S,\'a0Leavitt\'a0A,\'a0Carmeli\'a0Y.\'a0High tigecycline resistance in multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02007;59(4):772\'96774.\
302. Farrell\'a0D.J,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibilities of a worldwide collection of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia isolates tested against tigecycline and agents commonly used for S. maltophilia infections.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02010;54(6):2735\'962737.\
303. Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Kirby\'a0J.T,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline (GAR-936) tested against 11,859 recent clinical isolates associated with community-acquired respiratory tract and gram-positive cutaneous infections.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02004;49(3):201\'96209.\
304. Dizbay\'a0M,\'a0Kilic\'a0S,\'a0Hizel\'a0K,\'a0Arman\'a0D.\'a0Tigecycline: its potential for treatment of brucellosis.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02007;39(5):432\'96434.\
305. Turan\'a0H,\'a0Arslan\'a0H,\'a0Azap\'a0O.K,\'a0Serefhanoglu\'a0K,\'a0Uncu\'a0H.\'a0In\'a0vitro antibacterial activity of tigecycline in comparison with doxycycline, ciprofloxacin and rifampicin against Brucella spp.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02007;30(2):186\'96187.\
306. Pappas\'a0G,\'a0Papadimitriou\'a0P,\'a0Christou\'a0L,\'a0Akritidis\'a0N.\'a0Future trends in human brucellosis treatment.\'a0Expert Opin Investig Drugs.\'a02006;15(10):1141\'961149.\
307. Jacobus\'a0N.V,\'a0McDermott\'a0L.A,\'a0Ruthazer\'a0R,\'a0Snydman\'a0D.R.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline against the Bacteroides fragilis group.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02004;48(3):1034\'961036.\
308. Nagy\'a0E,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline and comparators against a European compilation of anaerobes collected as part of the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST).\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02010;42(1):33\'9638.\
309. Kenny\'a0G.E,\'a0Cartwright\'a0F.D.\'a0Susceptibilities of Mycoplasma hominis, M. pneumoniae, and Ureaplasma urealyticum to GAR-936, dalfopristin, dirithromycin, evernimicin, gatifloxacin, linezolid, moxifloxacin, quinupristin-dalfopristin, and telithromycin compared to their susceptibilities to reference macrolides, tetracyclines, and quinolones.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02001;45(9):2604\'962608.\
310. Edelstein\'a0P.H,\'a0Weiss\'a0W.J,\'a0Edelstein\'a0M.A.\'a0Activities of tigecycline (GAR-936) against Legionella pneumophila in\'a0vitro and in Guinea pigs with L. pneumophila pneumonia.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(2):533\'96540.\
311. Fernandez-Roblas\'a0R,\'a0Martin-de-Hijas\'a0N.Z,\'a0Fernandez-Martinez\'a0A.I,\'a0Garcia-Almeida\'a0D,\'a0Gadea\'a0I,\'a0Esteban\'a0J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline and 10 other antimicrobials against nonpigmented rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(11):4184\'964186.\
312. Coban\'a0A.Y,\'a0Deveci\'a0A,\'a0Cayci\'a0Y.T,\'a0Uzun\'a0M,\'a0Akgunes\'a0A,\'a0Durupinar\'a0B.\'a0In\'a0vitro effect of tigecycline against Mycobacterium tuberculosis and a review of the available drugs for tuberculosis.\'a0Afr J Microbiol Res.\'a02011;5(3):311\'96315.\
313. Breedt\'a0J,\'a0Teras\'a0J,\'a0Gardovskis\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Safety and efficacy of tigecycline in treatment of skin and skin structure infections: results of a double-blind phase 3 comparison study with vancomycin-aztreonam.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(11):4658\'964666.\
314. Sacchidanand\'a0S,\'a0Penn\'a0R.L,\'a0Embil\'a0J.M,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline monotherapy compared with vancomycin plus aztreonam in patients with complicated skin and skin structure infections: results from a phase 3, randomized, double-blind trial.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02005;9(5):251\'96261.\
315. Teras\'a0J,\'a0Gardovskis\'a0J,\'a0Vaasna\'a0T,\'a0et al.\'a0Overview of tigecycline efficacy and safety in the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections - a European perspective.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother (Florence, Italy).\'a02008;20(Suppl 1):20\'9627.\
316. Chuang\'a0Y.C,\'a0Chang\'a0C.M,\'a0Aradhya\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline monotherapy compared with vancomycin-aztreonam in the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections in patients from India and Taiwan.\'a0J Microbiol.\'a02011;44(2):116\'96124.\
317. Lauf\'a0L,\'a0Ozsvar\'a0Z,\'a0Mitha\'a0I,\'a0et al.\'a0Phase 3 study comparing tigecycline and ertapenem in patients with diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02014;78(4):469\'96480.\
318. Oliva\'a0M.E,\'a0Rekha\'a0A,\'a0Yellin\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0A multicenter trial of the efficacy and safety of tigecycline versus imipenem/cilastatin in patients with complicated intra-abdominal infections [Study ID Numbers: 3074A1-301-WW; ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00081744].\'a0BMC Infect Dis.\'a02005;5:88.\
319. Towfigh\'a0S,\'a0Pasternak\'a0J,\'a0Poirier\'a0A,\'a0Leister\'a0H,\'a0Babinchak\'a0T.\'a0A multicentre, open-label, randomized comparative study of tigecycline versus ceftriaxone sodium plus metronidazole for the treatment of hospitalized subjects with complicated intra-abdominal infections.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02010;16(8):1274\'961281.\
320. Qvist\'a0N,\'a0Warren\'a0B,\'a0Leister-Tebbe\'a0H,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy of tigecycline versus ceftriaxone plus metronidazole for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections: results from a randomized, controlled trial.\'a0Surg Infect.\'a02012;13(2):102\'96109.\
321. Tanaseanu\'a0C,\'a0Milutinovic\'a0S,\'a0Calistru\'a0P.I,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline versus levofloxacin for community-acquired pneumonia.\'a0BMC Pulm Med.\'a02009;9:44.\
322. Bergallo\'a0C,\'a0Jasovich\'a0A,\'a0Teglia\'a0O,\'a0et al.\'a0Safety and efficacy of intravenous tigecycline in treatment of community-acquired pneumonia: results from a double-blind randomized phase 3 comparison study with levofloxacin.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02009;63(1):52\'9661.\
323. Curcio\'a0D,\'a0J\'a0C,\'a0W\'a0V,\'a0G\'a0V,\'a0A\'a0C.\'a0Tigecycline in the treatment of ventilator-associated pneumonia: experience from the Latin American Tigecycline Use Registry.\'a0Infez Med.\'a02010;18(1):27\'9634.\
324. Freire\'a0A.T,\'a0Melnyk\'a0V,\'a0Kim\'a0M.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Comparison of tigecycline with imipenem/cilastatin for the treatment of hospital-acquired pneumonia.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02010;68(2):140\'96151.\
325. Ramirez\'a0J,\'a0Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Gandjini\'a0H,\'a0Yan\'a0J.L,\'a0Korth-Bradley\'a0J,\'a0McGovern\'a0P.C.\'a0Randomized phase 2 trial to evaluate the clinical efficacy of two high-dosage tigecycline regimens versus imipenem-cilastatin for treatment of hospital-acquired pneumonia.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02013;57(4):1756\'961762.\
326. Curcio\'a0D,\'a0F\'a0F,\'a0A\'a0C,\'a0L\'a0B,\'a0D\'a0S.\'a0Indications of a new antibiotic in clinical practice: results of the tigecycline initial use registry.\'a0Braz J Infect Dis.\'a02008;12(3):198\'96201.\
327. Gardiner\'a0D,\'a0Dukart\'a0G,\'a0Cooper\'a0A,\'a0Babinchak\'a0T.\'a0Safety and efficacy of intravenous tigecycline in subjects with secondary bacteremia: pooled results from 8 phase III clinical trials.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02010;50(2):229\'96238.\
328. Aslam\'a0S,\'a0BW\'a0T,\'a0V\'a0R,\'a0RO\'a0D.\'a0Pilot trial of N-acetylcysteine and tigecycline as a catheter-lock solution for treatment of hemodialysis catheter-associated bacteremia.\'a0Infect Control Hosp.\'a02008;29(9):894\'96897.\
329. Vasilev\'a0K,\'a0G\'a0R,\'a0R\'a0O,\'a0et al.\'a0A Phase 3, open-label, non-comparative study of tigecycline in the treatment of patients with selected serious infections due to resistant Gram-negative organisms including Enterobacter species, Acinetobacter baumannii and Klebsiella pneumoniae.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02008;62(Suppl 1:i):29\'9640.\
330. Florescu\'a0I,\'a0Beuran\'a0M,\'a0Dimov\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline compared with vancomycin or linezolid for treatment of serious infections with methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus or vancomycin-resistant enterococci: a Phase 3, multicentre, double-blind, randomized study.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02008;62(Suppl 1):i17\'96i28.\
331. Chemaly\'a0R.F,\'a0Hanmod\'a0S.S,\'a0Jiang\'a0Y,\'a0et al.\'a0Tigecycline use in cancer patients with serious infections: a report on 110 cases from a single institution.\'a0Med.\'a02009;88(4):211\'96220.\
332. Bucaneve\'a0G,\'a0Micozzi\'a0A,\'a0Picardi\'a0M,\'a0et al.\'a0Results of a multicenter, controlled, randomized clinical trial evaluating the combination of piperacillin/tazobactam and tigecycline in high-risk hematologic patients with cancer with febrile neutropenia.\'a0Clin Oncol.\'a02014;32(14):1463\'961471.\
333. Cheng\'a0A,\'a0Chuang\'a0Y.C,\'a0Sun\'a0H.Y,\'a0et al.\'a0Excess mortality associated with Colistin-tigecycline compared with Colistin-carbapenem combination therapy for Extensively drug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii bacteremia: a multicenter prospective observational study.\'a0Crit Care Med.\'a02015;43(6):1194\'961204.\
334. Ni\'a0W,\'a0Han\'a0Y,\'a0Liu\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Tigecycline treatment for carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae infections: a systematic review and meta-analysis.\'a0Medicine (Baltimore).\'a02016;95(11):e3126.\
335. Satlin\'a0M,\'a0Kubin\'a0C,\'a0Blumenthal\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Comparative effectiveness of aminoglycosides, polymyxin B, and tigecycline for clearance of carbapenem-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae from urine.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02011;55(12):5893\'965899.\
336. Larson\'a0K.C,\'a0Belliveau\'a0P.P,\'a0Spooner\'a0L.M.\'a0Tigecycline for the treatment of severe Clostridium difficile infection.\'a0Ann Pharmacother.\'a02011;45(7\'968):1005\'961010.\
337. Kopterides\'a0P,\'a0Papageorgiou\'a0C,\'a0Antoniadou\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Failure of tigecycline to treat severe Clostridium difficile infection.\'a0Anaesthesia and Intensive Care.\'a02010;38(4):755\'96758.\
338. Navalkele\'a0B.D,\'a0Lerner\'a0S.A.\'a0Intravenous tigecycline Facilitates cure of severe Clostridium difficile infection (CDI) after failure of Standard therapy: a case report and literature review of tigecycline Use in CDI.\'a0Open Forum Infect Dis.\'a02016;3(2):ofw094.\
339. Thomas\'a0A,\'a0Khan\'a0F,\'a0Uddin\'a0N,\'a0Wallace\'a0M.R.\'a0Tigecycline for severe Clostridium difficile infection.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02014;26:171\'96172.\
340. Phillips\'a0E.C,\'a0Warren\'a0C.A,\'a0Ma\'a0J.Z,\'a0Madden\'a0G.R.\'a0Impact of tigecycline on C. difficile outcomes: case series and Propensity-Matched retrospective study.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02022;66(6):e0000122.\
341. Seyman\'a0D,\'a0Berk\'a0H,\'a0Sepin-Ozen\'a0N,\'a0et al.\'a0Successful use of tigecycline for treatment of culture-negative pyogenic vertebral osteomyelitis.\'a0Infect Dis (London, England).\'a02015;47(11):783\'96788.\
342. Griffin\'a0A.T,\'a0Harting\'a0J.A,\'a0Christensen\'a0D.M.\'a0Tigecycline in the management of osteomyelitis: a case series from the bone and joint infection (BAJIO) database.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02013;77(3):273\'96277.\
343. Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J,\'a0Dukart\'a0G,\'a0Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Griffith\'a0D.E,\'a0Scerpella\'a0E.G,\'a0Marshall\'a0B.\'a0Clinical experience in 52 patients with tigecycline-containing regimens for salvage treatment of Mycobacterium abscessus and Mycobacterium chelonae infections.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02014;69(7):1945\'961953.\
344. Someya\'a0Y,\'a0Yamaguchi\'a0A,\'a0Sawai\'a0T.\'a0A novel glycylcycline, 9-(N,N-dimethylglycylamido)-6-demethyl-6-deoxytetracycline, is neither transported nor recognized by the transposon Tn10-encoded metal-tetracycline/H+ antiporter.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(1):247\'96249.\
345. Projan\'a0S.J.\'a0Preclinical pharmacology of GAR-936, a novel glycylcycline antibacterial agent.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02000;20(9 Pt 2):219S\'96223S\'a0discussion 224S-228S.\
346. Visalli\'a0M.A,\'a0Murphy\'a0E,\'a0Projan\'a0S.J,\'a0Bradford\'a0P.A.\'a0AcrAB multidrug efflux pump is associated with reduced levels of susceptibility to tigecycline (GAR-936) in Proteus mirabilis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(2):665\'96669.\
347. Ruzin\'a0A,\'a0Keeney\'a0D,\'a0Bradford\'a0P.A.\'a0AcrAB efflux pump plays a role in decreased susceptibility to tigecycline in Morganella morganii.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(2):791\'96793.\
348. Lv L., Wan M., Wang C., et\'a0al. Emergence of a Plasmid-encoded resistance-Nodulation-Division efflux pump conferring resistance to multiple drugs, including tigecycline, in Klebsiella pneumoniae. mBio. 2020;11(2):e02930-19\
349. Dong N., Zeng Y., Wang Y., et\'a0al. Distribution and spread of the mobilised RND efflux pump gene cluster tmexCD-toprJ in clinical Gram-negative bacteria: a molecular epidemiological study. Lancet Microbe.\
Page 351.e1\
References\
1. Duggar\'a0B.M.\'a0Aureomycin: a product of the continuing search for new antibiotics.\'a0Ann NY Acad Sci.\'a01948;51(2):177\'96181.\
2. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Tetracycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:843\'96850.\
3. Sabundayo\'a0B.P,\'a0Standiford\'a0H.C.\'a0Tetracyclines and analogues.\'a0In:\'a0Yu\'a0V.L,\'a0Edwards\'a0G,\'a0McKinnon\'a0P.S,\'a0Peolquin\'a0C,\'a0Morse\'a0G.D,\'a0eds.\'a0Antimicrobial Therapy and Vaccines, 2nd Edition. Vol II: Antimicrobial Agents.\'a02nd ed.\'a0Pittsburgh, PA:\'a0ESun Technologies LLC;\'a02005:461\'96476.\
4. Levy\'a0S.B,\'a0FitzGerald\'a0G.B,\'a0Macone\'a0A.B.\'a0Changes in intestinal flora of farm personnel after introduction of a tetracycline-supplemented feed on a farm.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01976;295(11):583\'96588.\
5. DuPont\'a0H,\'a0Steele\'a0J.H.\'a0Use of antimicrobial agents in animal feeds: implications for human health.\'a0Rev of Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(3):447\'96460.\
6. Thaker\'a0M,\'a0Spanogiannopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0The tetracycline resistome.\'a0Cell Mol Life Sci.\'a02010;67(3):419\'96431.\
7. Perks\'a0W.H,\'a0Walters\'a0E.H,\'a0Tams\'a0I.P,\'a0Prowse\'a0K.\'a0Demeclocycline in the treatment of the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone.\'a0Thorax.\'a01979;34(3):324\'96327.\
8. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Roberts\'a0M.\'a0Tetracycline antibiotics: mode of action, applications, molecular biology, and epidemiology of bacterial resistance.\'a0MMBR.\'a02001;65(2):232\'96260.\
9. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hacker\'a0K.\'a0Inhibition of K88-mediated adhesion of Escherichia coli to mammalian receptors by antibiotics that affect bacterial protein synthesis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01986;18(4):441\'96451.\
10. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Doxycycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:851\'96869.\
11. Dahl\'a0E.L,\'a0Shock\'a0J.L,\'a0Shenai\'a0B.R,\'a0Gut\'a0J,\'a0DeRisi\'a0J.L,\'a0Rosenthal\'a0P.J.\'a0Tetracyclines specifically target the apicoplast of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(9):3124\'963131.\
12. Ribush\'a0N,\'a0Morgan\'a0T.\'a0Tetracyclines and renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01972;1(2):53\'9655.\
13. Kunin\'a0C.M.\'a0A guide to use of antibiotics in patients with renal disease. A table of recommended doses and factors governing serum levels.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01967;67(1):151\'96158.\
14. Heaney\'a0D,\'a0Eknoyan\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline and doxycycline kinetics in chronic renal failure.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01978;24(2):233\'96239.\
15. Whelton\'a0A,\'a0Schach von Wittenau\'a0M,\'a0Twomey\'a0T.M,\'a0Walker\'a0W.G,\'a0Bianchine\'a0J.R.\'a0Doxycycline pharmacokinetics in the absence of renal function.\'a0Kidney Int.\'a01974;5(5):365\'96371.\
16. Thiim\'a0M,\'a0Friedman\'a0L.S.\'a0Hepatotoxicity of antibiotics and antifungals.\'a0Clinics in Liver Disease.\'a02003;7(2):381\'96399\'a0vi-vii.\
17. Horrevorts\'a0A,\'a0Pluim\'a0M.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:870\'96880.\
18. Carney\'a0S,\'a0Butcher\'a0R.A,\'a0Dawborn\'a0J.K,\'a0Pattison\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline excretion and distribution in relation to renal function in man.\'a0Clin Exp Pharmacol.\'a01974;1(4):299\'96308.\
19. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Shaw\'a0W.R,\'a0Uman\'a0S.J,\'a0Tse\'a0F.L,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of minocycline in renal failure.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;8(5):532\'96537.\
20. Bernard\'a0B,\'a0Yin\'a0E.J,\'a0Simon\'a0H.J.\'a0Clinical pharmacologic studies with minocycline.\'a0The J Clin Pharmacol.\'a01971;11(5):332\'96348.\
21. George\'a0C.R,\'a0Guinness\'a0M.D,\'a0Lark\'a0D.J,\'a0Evans\'a0R.A.\'a0Minocycline toxicity in renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01973;1(13):640\'96641.\
22. Jonas\'a0M,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0Ther Drug Monit.\'a01982;4(2):137\'96145.\
23. Wood\'a0M.J,\'a0Farrell\'a0W,\'a0Kattan\'a0S,\'a0Williams\'a0J.D.\'a0Activity of minocycline and tetracycline against respiratory pathogens related to blood levels.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01975;1(3):323\'96331.\
24. Sklenar\'a0I,\'a0Spring\'a0P,\'a0Dettli\'a0L.\'a0One-dose and multiple-dose kinetics of minocycline in patients with renal disease.\'a0Agents and Actions.\'a01977;7(3):369\'96377.\
25. Smith\'a0C,\'a0Woods\'a0C.G,\'a0Woods\'a0M.J.\'a0Absorption of minocycline.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01984;13(1):93.\
26. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Koch\'a0P.A,\'a0Lau\'a0C.C,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Bioavailability of tetracycline and doxycycline in fasted and nonfasted subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(3):462\'96469.\
27. Neuvonen\'a0P.J.\'a0Interactions with the absorption of tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a01976;11(1):45\'9654.\
28. Agwuh\'a0K.N,\'a0MacGowan\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of the tetracyclines including glycylcyclines.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(2):256\'96265.\
29. Fabre\'a0J,\'a0Milek\'a0E,\'a0Kalfopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Merier\'a0G.\'a0[Kinetics of tetracyclines in human. II. Excretion, penetration into normal and inflammed tissues, behavior in a case of renal insufficiency and in hemodialysis].\'a0Schweiz Med Wochenschr.\'a01971;101(18):625\'96633.\
30. Macdonald\'a0H,\'a0Kelly\'a0R.G,\'a0Allen\'a0E.S,\'a0Noble\'a0J.F,\'a0Kanegis\'a0L.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetic studies on minocycline in man.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01973;14(5):852\'96861.\
31. Lundberg\'a0C,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentration of penicillin V and tetracycline in maxillary sinus secretion after repeated doses.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(2):123\'96133.\
32. Ruhen\'a0R.W,\'a0Tandon\'a0M.K.\'a0Comparative effectiveness of tetracycline, minocycline and doxycycline in treatment of acute-on-chronic bronchitis. A study based on sputum levels.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01976;1(6):151\'96153.\
33. Chow\'a0A.W,\'a0Jewesson\'a0P.J.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and safety of antimicrobial agents during pregnancy.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01985;7(3):287\'96313.\
34. Alestig\'a0K.\'a0Studies on doxycycline during intravenous and oral treatment with reference to renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(3):193\'96198.\
35. Andersson\'a0K.E,\'a0Mardh\'a0P.A,\'a0Akerlund\'a0M.\'a0Passage of doxycycline into extracellular fluid.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):7\'9611.\
36. Eliasson\'a0R,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentrations of doxycycline in human seminal plasma.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):32\'9636.\
37. Lode\'a0H.\'a0Penetration of antibiotics into the pleural fluid.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01979;5(2):122\'96124.\
38. Schreiner\'a0A,\'a0Digranes\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of lymecycline and doxycycline in serum and suction blister fluid.\'a0Chemotherapy.\'a01985;31(4):261\'96265.\
39. Marlin\'a0G.E,\'a0Cheng\'a0S,\'a0Thompson\'a0P.J.\'a0Sputum and plasma doxycycline concentrations after a single oral 600 mg doxycycline dose in patients with chronic bronchitis.\'a0Eur J Respir Dis.\'a01981;62(4):276\'96280.\
40. Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0The detection of doxycycline activity in human bone.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):47\'9653.\
41. Gnarpe\'a0H,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Hagg\'a0O.\'a0Doxycycline concentration levels in bone, soft tissue and serum after intravenous infusion of doxycycline. A clinical study.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):54\'9657.\
42. Bystedt\'a0H,\'a0A\'a0D.A,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E.\'a0Concentrations of azidocillin, erythromycin, doxycycline and clindamycin in human mandibular bone.\'a0Int J Oral Surg.\'a01978;7(5):442\'96449.\
43. Dotevall\'a0L,\'a0Hagberg\'a0L.\'a0Penetration of doxycycline into cerebrospinal fluid in patients treated for suspected Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(7):1078\'961080.\
44. Yim\'a0C.W,\'a0Flynn\'a0N.M,\'a0Fitzgerald\'a0F.T.\'a0Penetration of oral doxycycline into the cerebrospinal fluid of patients with latent or neurosyphilis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01985;28(2):347\'96348.\
45. Nikaido\'a0H,\'a0Thanassi\'a0D.G.\'a0Penetration of lipophilic agents with multiple protonation sites into bacterial cells: tetracyclines and fluoroquinolones as examples.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01993;37(7):1393\'961399.\
46. Bergogne-Berezin\'a0E,\'a0Lambert-Zechovsky\'a0N,\'a0Morel\'a0C.\'a0[Pharmacokinetics of antibiotics in bronchial secretions. 250 cases].\'a0La Nouvelle Presse Medicale.\'a01977;6(38):3548.\
47. Hensle\'a0T.W,\'a0Prout\'a0GR.\'a0J.r,\'a0Griffin\'a0P.\'a0Minocycline diffusion into benign prostatic hyperplasia.\'a0The Journal of Urology.\'a01977;118(4):609\'96611.\
48. Hoeprich\'a0P.D,\'a0Warshauer\'a0D.M.\'a0Entry of four tetracyclines into saliva and tears.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01974;5(3):330\'96336.\
49. Steigbigel\'a0N.H,\'a0Reed\'a0C.W,\'a0Finland\'a0M.\'a0Absorption and excretion of five tetracycline analogues in normal young men.\'a0The American Journal of the Medical Sciences.\'a01968;255:296\'96312.\
50. Mahon\'a0W.A,\'a0Johnson\'a0G.E,\'a0Endrenyl\'a0L,\'a0Kelly\'a0M.F,\'a0Fenton\'a0S.S.\'a0The elimination of tritiated doxycycline in normal subjects and in patients with severely impaired renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):24\'9631.\
51. Saivin\'a0S,\'a0Houin\'a0G.\'a0Clinical pharmacokinetics of doxycycline and minocycline.\'a0Clin Pharmacokinet.\'a01988;15(6):355\'96366.\
52. CLSI, .\'a0Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; Thirty-Second Informational Supplement.\'a0Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute;\'a02022.\
53. Diekema\'a0D.J,\'a0Pfaller\'a0M.A,\'a0Schmitz\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Survey of infections due to Staphylococcus species: frequency of occurrence and antimicrobial susceptibility of isolates collected in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, and the Western Pacific Region for the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997\'961999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):114\'96132.\
54. Holmes\'a0R.L,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0J.H.\'a0Inhibitory activities of 11 antimicrobial agents and bactericidal activities of vancomycin and daptomycin against invasive methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates obtained from 1999 through 2006.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(2):757\'96760.\
55. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Palatnick\'a0L,\'a0Nichol\'a0K.A,\'a0Bellyou\'a0T,\'a0Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance in respiratory tract Streptococcus pneumoniae isolates: results of the Canadian Respiratory Organism Susceptibility Study, 1997 to 2002.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(6):1867\'961874.\
56. Koeth\'a0L.M,\'a0Felmingham\'a0D,\'a0Jacobs\'a0M.R,\'a0Rossi\'a0F.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae in Sao Paulo, Brazil from 1996 to 2000.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):356\'96361.\
57. Jones\'a0R.N,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R.\'a0Doxycycline use for community-acquired pneumonia: contemporary in\'a0vitro spectrum of activity against Streptococcus pneumoniae (1999-2002).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02004;49(2):147\'96149.\
58. Wimmerstedt\'a0A,\'a0Kahlmeter\'a0G.\'a0Associated antimicrobial resistance in Escherichia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus pyogenes.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02008;14(4):315\'96321.\
59. Persson\'a0E,\'a0Berg\'a0S,\'a0Bergseng\'a0H,\'a0Bergh\'a0K,\'a0Valso-Lyng\'a0R,\'a0Trollfors\'a0B.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of invasive group B streptococcal isolates from south-west Sweden 1988-2001.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02008;40(4):308\'96313.\
60. Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Keller\'a0N,\'a0Barth\'a0A,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Clinical prevalence, antimicrobial susceptibility, and geographic resistance patterns of enterococci: results from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997-1999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):S133\'96S145.\
61. Holmberg\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0Antimicrobial in\'a0vitro susceptibility of Actinomyces israelii and Arachnia propionica.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01977;9(1):40\'9645.\
62. Vitas\'a0A.I,\'a0Sanchez\'a0R.M,\'a0Aguado\'a0V,\'a0Garcia-Jalon\'a0I.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of Listeria monocytogenes isolated from food and clinical cases in Navarra, Spain.\'a0J Food Prot.\'a02007;70(10):2402\'962406.\
63. Mohammed\'a0M.J,\'a0Marston\'a0C.K,\'a0Popovic\'a0T,\'a0Weyant\'a0R.S,\'a0Tenover\'a0F.C.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Bacillus anthracis: comparison of results obtained by using the National Committee for Clinical Laboratory Standards broth microdilution reference and Etest agar gradient diffusion methods.\'a0J Clin Microbiol.\'a02002;40(6):1902\'961907.\
64. Frean\'a0J,\'a0Klugman\'a0K.P,\'a0Arntzen\'a0L,\'a0Bukofzer\'a0S.\'a0Susceptibility of Bacillus anthracis to eleven antimicrobial agents including novel fluoroquinolones and a ketolide.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(2):297\'96299.\
65. Hernandez\'a0E,\'a0Girardet\'a0M,\'a0Ramisse\'a0F,\'a0Vidal\'a0D,\'a0Cavallo\'a0J.D.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibilities of 94 isolates of Yersinia pestis to 24 antimicrobial agents.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(6):1029\'961031.\
66. Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Vinh\'a0D.X,\'a0Nguyen\'a0T.T,\'a0Wain\'a0J,\'a0Thung\'a0D,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibilities of strains of Yersinia pestis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(9):2153\'962154.\
67. Schonberg-Norio\'a0D,\'a0Hanninen\'a0M.L,\'a0Katila\'a0M.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Activities of telithromycin, erythromycin, fluoroquinolones, and doxycycline against Campylobacter strains isolated from Finnish subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(3):1086\'961088.\
68. Morris\'a0Jr.\'a0J.G.\'a0Black RE. Cholera and other vibrioses in the United States.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01985;312(6):343\'96350.\
69. Ottaviani\'a0D,\'a0Bacchiocchi\'a0I,\'a0Masini\'a0L,\'a0et al.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of potentially pathogenic halophilic vibrios isolated from seafood.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;18(2):135\'96140.\
70. Midani\'a0S,\'a0Rathore\'a0M.H.\'a0Vibrio species infection of a catfish spine puncture wound.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01994;13(4):333\'96334.\
71. Fernandez-Cuenca\'a0F,\'a0Tomas-Carmona\'a0M,\'a0Caballero-Moyano\'a0F,\'a0et al.\'a0[In vitro activity of 18 antimicrobial agents against clinical isolates of Acinetobacter spp.: multicenter national study GEIH-REIPI-Ab 2010.].\'a0Enferm Infecc Microbiol Clin.\'a02012.\
72. Jenney\'a0A.W,\'a0Lum\'a0G,\'a0Fisher\'a0D.A,\'a0Currie\'a0B.J.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibility of Burkholderia pseudomallei from tropical northern Australia and implications for therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;17(2):109\'96113.\
73. Nicodemo\'a0A.C,\'a0Araujo\'a0M.R,\'a0Ruiz\'a0A.S,\'a0Gales\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia isolates: comparison of disc diffusion, Etest and agar dilution methods.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02004;53(4):604\'96608.\
74. Janda\'a0J.M,\'a0Guthertz\'a0L.S,\'a0Kokka\'a0R.P,\'a0Shimada\'a0T.\'a0Aeromonas species in septicemia: laboratory characteristics and clinical observations.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01994;19(1):77\'9683.\
75. Flamm\'a0R.K,\'a0Castanheira\'a0M,\'a0Streit\'a0J.M,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Minocycline activity tested against Acinetobacter baumannii complex, Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, and Burkholderia cepacia species complex isolates from a global surveillance program (2013).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02016;85(3):352\'96355.\
76. Li\'a0X.Z,\'a0Livermore\'a0D.M,\'a0Nikaido\'a0H.\'a0Role of efflux pump(s) in intrinsic resistance of Pseudomonas aeruginosa: resistance to tetracycline, chloramphenicol, and norfloxacin.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(8):1732\'961741.\'a0Page 351.e2.\
77. Schaumann\'a0R,\'a0Ackermann\'a0G,\'a0Pless\'a0B,\'a0Claros\'a0M.C,\'a0Goldstein\'a0E.J,\'a0Rodloff\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of fourteen antimicrobial agents against obligately anaerobic bacteria.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(3):225\'96232.\
78. Baykam\'a0N,\'a0Esener\'a0H,\'a0Ergonul\'a0O,\'a0Eren\'a0S,\'a0Celikbas\'a0A.K,\'a0Dokuzoguz\'a0B.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibility of Brucella species.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):405\'96407.\
79. Dorbecker\'a0C,\'a0Sander\'a0A,\'a0Oberle\'a0K,\'a0Schulin-Casonato\'a0T.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Bartonella species to 17 antimicrobial compounds: comparison of Etest and agar dilution.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(4):784\'96788.\
80. Bebear\'a0C,\'a0Pereyre\'a0S,\'a0Peuchant\'a0O.\'a0Mycoplasma pneumoniae: susceptibility and resistance to antibiotics.\'a0Future Microbiology.\'a02011;6(4):423\'96431.\
81. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Bryskier\'a0A,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0Comparative activities of telithromycin (HMR 3647), levofloxacin, and other antimicrobial agents against human mycoplasmas.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(7):1980\'961982.\
82. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Charron\'a0A,\'a0Gruson\'a0D,\'a0Lefrancois\'a0M,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of trovafloxacin compared to those of five antimicrobials against mycoplasmas including Mycoplasma hominis and Ureaplasma urealyticum fluoroquinolone-resistant isolates that have been genetically characterized.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(9):2557\'962560.\
83. Schulin\'a0T,\'a0Wennersten\'a0C.B,\'a0Ferraro\'a0M.J,\'a0Moellering\'a0Jr.\'a0R.C,\'a0Eliopoulos\'a0G.M.\'a0Susceptibilities of Legionella spp. to newer antimicrobials in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01998;42(6):1520\'961523.\
84. Critchley\'a0I.A,\'a0Jones\'a0M.E,\'a0Heinze\'a0P.D,\'a0et al.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of levofloxacin against contemporary clinical isolates of Legionella pneumophila, Mycoplasma pneumoniae and Chlamydia pneumoniae from North America and Europe.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02002;8(4):214\'96221.\
85. Roblin\'a0P.M,\'a0Hammerschlag\'a0M.R.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of GAR-936 against Chlamydia pneumoniae and Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(1):61\'9663.\
86. Butaye\'a0P,\'a0Ducatelle\'a0R,\'a0De Backer\'a0P,\'a0Vermeersch\'a0H,\'a0Remon\'a0J.P,\'a0Haesebrouck\'a0F.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of doxycycline and enrofloxacin against European Chlamydia psittaci strains from turkeys.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01997;41(12):2800\'962801.\
87. Samra\'a0Z,\'a0Rosenberg\'a0S,\'a0Soffer\'a0Y,\'a0Dan\'a0M.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of recent clinical isolates of Chlamydia trachomatis to macrolides and tetracyclines.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02001;39(3):177\'96179.\
88. Wormser\'a0G.P,\'a0Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Dattwyler\'a0R.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Practice guidelines for the treatment of Lyme disease. The infectious diseases society of America.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02000;31(Suppl 1):1\'9614.\
89. Ates\'a0L,\'a0Hanssen-Hubner\'a0C,\'a0Norris\'a0D.E,\'a0Richter\'a0D,\'a0Kraiczy\'a0P,\'a0Hunfeld\'a0K.P.\'a0Comparison of in\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline, doxycycline, and tetracycline against the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi.\'a0Ticks Tick Borne Dis.\'a02010;1(1):30\'9634.\
90. Murray\'a0C.K,\'a0Ellis\'a0M.W,\'a0Hospenthal\'a0D.R.\'a0Susceptibility of Leptospira serovars to antimalarial agents.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02004;71(5):685\'96686.\
91. Norris\'a0S.J,\'a0Edmondson\'a0D.G.\'a0In\'a0vitro culture system to determine MICs and MBCs of antimicrobial agents against Treponema pallidum subsp. pallidum (Nichols strain).\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01988;32(1):68\'9674.\
92. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Roussellier\'a0P,\'a0Vestris\'a0G,\'a0Tamalet\'a0J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antibiotic susceptibility of Rickettsia rickettsii and Rickettsia conorii: plaque assay and microplaque colorimetric assay.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01987;155(5):1059\'961062.\
93. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Drancourt\'a0M.\'a0Antimicrobial therapy of rickettsial diseases.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01991;35(12):2457\'962462.\
94. Branger\'a0S,\'a0Rolain\'a0J.M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Evaluation of antibiotic susceptibilities of Ehrlichia canis, Ehrlichia chaffeensis, and Anaplasma phagocytophilum by real-time PCR.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02004;48(12):4822\'964828.\
95. Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J.\'a0Clinical and taxonomic status of pathogenic nonpigmented or late-pigmenting rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a02002;15(4):716\'96746.\
96. Uslan\'a0D.Z,\'a0Kowalski\'a0T.J,\'a0Wengenack\'a0N.L,\'a0Virk\'a0A,\'a0Wilson\'a0J.W.\'a0Skin and soft tissue infections due to rapidly growing mycobacteria: comparison of clinical features, treatment, and susceptibility.\'a0Archives of Dermatology.\'a02006;142(10):1287\'961292.\
97. Wallace\'a0R.J,\'a0Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Crist\'a0C.J,\'a0Mann\'a0L,\'a0Wilson\'a0R.W.\'a0Comparison of the in\'a0vitro activity of the glycylcycline tigecycline (Formerly GAR-936) with those of tetracycline, minocycline, and doxycycline against isolates of nontuberculous mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02002;46(10):3164\'963167.\
98. Rhomberg\'a0P.R,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of 11 antimicrobial agents, including gatifloxacin and GAR936, tested against clinical isolates of Mycobacterium marinum.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02002;42(2):145\'96147.\
99. da Silva Telles\'a0M.A,\'a0Chimara\'a0E,\'a0Ferrazoli\'a0L,\'a0Riley\'a0L.W.\'a0Mycobacterium kansasii: antibiotic susceptibility and PCR-restriction analysis of clinical isolates.\'a0J Med Microbiol.\'a02005;54(Pt 10):975\'96979.\
100. Balabanova\'a0Y,\'a0Ruddy\'a0M,\'a0Hubb\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in Russia: clinical characteristics, analysis of second-line drug resistance and development of standardized therapy.\'a0Eur J Clin Microbiol.\'a02005;24(2):136\'96139.\
101. Walker\'a0N.F,\'a0Clark\'a0S.O,\'a0Oni\'a0T,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline and HIV infection suppress tuberculosis-induced matrix metalloproteinases.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02012;185(9):989\'96997.\
102. Brown\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J,\'a0Onyi\'a0G.\'a0Activities of the glycylcyclines N,N-dimethylglycylamido-minocycline and N,N-dimethylglycylamido-6-demethyl-6-deoxytetracycline against Nocardia spp. and tetracycline-resistant isolates of rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01996;40(4):874\'96878.\
103. Cercenado\'a0E,\'a0Marin\'a0M,\'a0Sanchez-Martinez\'a0M,\'a0Cuevas\'a0O,\'a0Martinez-Alarcon\'a0J,\'a0Bouza\'a0E.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline and eight other antimicrobials against different Nocardia species identified by molecular methods.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02007;51(3):1102\'961104.\
104. Chang\'a0H.R,\'a0Comte\'a0R,\'a0Pechere\'a0J.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro and in\'a0vivo effects of doxycycline on Toxoplasma gondii.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01990;34(5):775\'96780.\
105. Edlind\'a0T.D.\'a0Tetracyclines as antiparasitic agents: lipophilic derivatives are highly active against Giardia lamblia in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(12):2144\'962145.\
106. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hawkey\'a0P.M,\'a0Hinton\'a0M.\'a0Tetracyclines, molecular and clinical aspects.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01992;29(3):245\'96277.\
107. Metlay\'a0J.P,\'a0Waterer\'a0G.W,\'a0Long\'a0A.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Diagnosis and treatment of adults with community-acquired pneumonia. An official clinical practice guideline of the American Thoracic Society and Infectious Diseases Society of America.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02019;200(7):e45\'96e67.\
108. Choi\'a0S.H,\'a0Cesar\'a0A,\'a0Snow\'a0T.A.C,\'a0Saleem\'a0N,\'a0Arulkumaran\'a0N,\'a0Singer\'a0M.\'a0Efficacy of doxycycline for mild-to-moderate community-acquired pneumonia in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02022.\
109. Klein\'a0N.C,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Treatment of legionnaires\'92 disease.\'a0Semin Respir Infect.\'a01998;13(2):140\'96146.\
110. Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0The atypical pneumonias: clinical diagnosis and importance.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02006;12(Suppl 3):12\'9624.\
111. Shames\'a0J.M,\'a0George\'a0R.B,\'a0Holliday\'a0W.B,\'a0Rasch\'a0J.R,\'a0Mogabgab\'a0W.J.\'a0Comparison of antibiotics in the treatment of mycoplasmal pneumonia.\'a0Arch Intern Med.\'a01970;125(4):680\'96684.\
112. Jawetz\'a0E.\'a0Chemotherapy of chlamydial infections.\'a0Adv Pharmacol Chemother.\'a01969;7:253\'96282.\
113. Yung\'a0A.P,\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L.\'a0Psittacosis--a review of 135 cases.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01988;148(5):228\'96233.\
114. Khatib\'a0R,\'a0Thirumoorthi\'a0M.C,\'a0Kelly\'a0B,\'a0Grady\'a0K.J.\'a0Severe psittacosis during pregnancy and suppression of antibody response with early therapy.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01995;27(5):519\'96521.\
115. Lindenbaum\'a0J,\'a0Greenough\'a0W.B,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Antibiotic therapy of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01967;36(6):871\'96883.\
116. McCormack\'a0W.M,\'a0Chowdhury\'a0A.M,\'a0Jahangir\'a0N,\'a0Ahmed\'a0A.B,\'a0Mosley\'a0W.H.\'a0Tetracycline prophylaxis in families of cholera patients.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01968;38(5):787\'96792.\
117. Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Single dose tetracycline in cholera.\'a0Gut.\'a01987;28(8):1029\'961032.\
118. Rabbani\'a0G.H,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R,\'a0Butler\'a0T,\'a0Shahrier\'a0M,\'a0Alam\'a0K.\'a0Single-dose treatment of cholera with furazolidone or tetracycline in a double-blind randomized trial.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(9):1447\'961450.\
119. De\'a0S,\'a0Chaudhuri\'a0A,\'a0Dutta\'a0P,\'a0Dutta\'a0D,\'a0De\'a0S.P,\'a0Pal\'a0S.C.\'a0Doxycycline in the treatment of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01976;54(2):177\'96179.\
120. Yamamoto\'a0T,\'a0Nair\'a0G.B,\'a0Albert\'a0M.J,\'a0Parodi\'a0C.C,\'a0Takeda\'a0Y.\'a0Survey of in\'a0vitro susceptibilities of Vibrio cholerae O1 and O139 to antimicrobial agents.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(1):241\'96244.\
121. Gisbert\'a0J.P,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Gomollon\'a0F,\'a0Sainz\'a0R.\'a0[Treatment for the eradication of Helicobacter pylori. Recommendations of the Spanish consensus conference].\'a0Medicina Clinica.\'a02000;114(5):185\'96195.\
122. Gene\'a0E,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Azagra\'a0R,\'a0Gisbert\'a0J.P.\'a0Triple vs. quadruple therapy for treating Helicobacter pylori infection: a meta-analysis.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02003;17(9):1137\'961143.\
123. Cammarota\'a0G,\'a0Martino\'a0A,\'a0Pirozzi\'a0G,\'a0et al.\'a0High efficacy of 1-week doxycycline- and amoxicillin-based quadruple regimen in a culture-guided, third-line treatment approach for Helicobacter pylori infection.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02004;19(7):789\'96795.\
124. Sack\'a0D.A,\'a0Kaminsky\'a0D.C,\'a0Sack\'a0R.B,\'a0et al.\'a0Prophylactic doxycycline for travelers\'92 diarrhea. Results of a prospective double-blind study of Peace Corps volunteers in Kenya.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01978;298(14):758\'96763.\
125. Doernberg\'a0S.B,\'a0Winston\'a0L.G,\'a0Deck\'a0D.H,\'a0Chambers\'a0H.F.\'a0Does doxycycline protect against development of Clostridium difficile infection?\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02012;55(5):615\'96620.\
126. Baxter\'a0R,\'a0Ray\'a0G.T,\'a0Fireman\'a0B.H.\'a0Case-control study of antibiotic use and subsequent Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea in hospitalized patients.\'a0Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol.\'a02008;29(1):44\'9650.\
127. Tariq\'a0R,\'a0Cho\'a0J,\'a0Kapoor\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0Low risk of primary Clostridium difficile infection with tetracyclines: a systematic review and Metaanalysis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02018;66(4):514\'96522.\
128. Workowski\'a0K.A,\'a0Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Chan\'a0P.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021.\'a0MMWR Recommendations and Reports.\'a02021;70(4):1\'96187.\
129. Lau\'a0C.Y,\'a0Qureshi\'a0A.K.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for genital chlamydial infections: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a02002;29(9):497\'96502.\
130. Geisler\'a0W.M,\'a0Uniyal\'a0A,\'a0Lee\'a0J.Y,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for urogenital Chlamydia trachomatis infection.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02015;373(26):2512\'962521.\
131. Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Stephens\'a0J,\'a0Richey\'a0C.M,\'a0Hook\'a0E.W.\'a03rd. Measured versus self-reported compliance with doxycycline therapy for chlamydia-associated syndromes: high therapeutic success rates despite poor compliance.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a01999;26(5):272\'96278.\
132. Lau\'a0A,\'a0Kong\'a0F.Y.S,\'a0Fairley\'a0C.K,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin or doxycycline for asymptomatic rectal Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02021;384(25):2418\'962427.\
133. Dombrowski\'a0J.C,\'a0Wierzbicki\'a0M.R,\'a0Newman\'a0L.M,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of Rectal Chlamydia in men who have sex with men: a randomized controlled trial.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02021;73(5):824\'96831.\
134. Peuchant\'a0O,\'a0Lhomme\'a0E,\'a0Martinet\'a0P,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of anorectal Chlamydia trachomatis infection in women concurrent with vaginal infection (CHLAZIDOXY study): a multicentre, open-label, randomised, controlled, superiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02022;22(8):1221\'961230.\
135. Taylor-Robinson\'a0D,\'a0Furr\'a0P.M.\'a0Clinical antibiotic resistance of Ureaplasma urealyticum.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01986;5(6 Suppl):S335\'96S337.\
136. Wikstrom\'a0A,\'a0Jensen\'a0J.S.\'a0Mycoplasma genitalium: a common cause of persistent urethritis among men treated with doxycycline.\'a0Sex Transm. Infect.\'a02006;82(4):276\'96279.\
137. Bjornelius\'a0E,\'a0Anagrius\'a0C,\'a0Bojs\'a0G,\'a0et al.\'a0Antibiotic treatment of symptomatic Mycoplasma genitalium infection in Scandinavia: a controlled clinical trial.\'a0Sex Transm Infect.\'a02008;84(1):72\'9676.\
138. Orellana\'a0M.A,\'a0Gomez-Lus\'a0M.L.\'a0Which is the best empirical treatment in patients with urethritis?\'a0Rev Esp Quim.\'a02011;24(3):136\'96142.\
139. Newman\'a0L.M,\'a0Moran\'a0J.S,\'a0Workowski\'a0K.A.\'a0Update on the management of gonorrhea in adults in the United States.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02007;44(Suppl 3):S84\'96S101.\
140. Bolan\'a0R.K,\'a0Beymer\'a0M.R,\'a0Weiss\'a0R.E,\'a0Flynn\'a0R.P,\'a0Leibowitz\'a0A.A,\'a0Klausner\'a0J.D.\'a0Doxycycline prophylaxis to reduce incident syphilis among HIV-infected men who have sex with men who continue to engage in high-risk sex: a randomized, controlled pilot study.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a02015;42(2):98\'96103.\
141. Molina\'a0J.M,\'a0Charreau\'a0I,\'a0Chidiac\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0Post-exposure prophylaxis with doxycycline to prevent sexually transmitted infections in men who have sex with men: an open-label randomised substudy of the ANRS IPERGAY trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02018;18(3):308\'96317.\
142. Luetkemeyer\'a0A.F,\'a0Donnell\'a0D,\'a0Dombrowski\'a0J.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Postexposure doxycycline to prevent bacterial sexually transmitted infections.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02023;388(14):1296\'961306.\
143. Greaves\'a0A.B,\'a0Hilleman\'a0M.R,\'a0Taggart\'a0S.R,\'a0Bankhead\'a0A.B,\'a0Feld\'a0M.\'a0Chemotherapy in bubonic lymphogranuloma venereum: a clinical and serological evaluation.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01957;16(2):277\'96289.\
144. Ness\'a0R.B,\'a0Soper\'a0D.E,\'a0Holley\'a0R.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Effectiveness of inpatient and outpatient treatment strategies for women with pelvic inflammatory disease: results from the Pelvic Inflammatory Disease Evaluation and Clinical Health (PEACH) Randomized Trial.\'a0Am J Obstet Gynecol.\'a02002;186(5):929\'96937.\
145. Lantos\'a0P.M,\'a0Rumbaugh\'a0J,\'a0Bockenstedt\'a0L.K,\'a0et al.\'a0Clinical practice guidelines by the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA), American Academy of Neurology (AAN), and American College of Rheumatology (ACR): 2020 guidelines for the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of Lyme disease.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02021;72(1):1\'968.\'a0Page 351.e3.\
146. Stupica\'a0D,\'a0Collinet-Adler\'a0S,\'a0Blagus\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of erythema migrans with doxycycline for 7 days versus 14 days in Slovenia: a randomised open-label non-inferiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02022.\
147. Steere\'a0A.C,\'a0Levin\'a0R.E,\'a0Molloy\'a0P.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of Lyme arthritis.\'a0Arthritis Rheumatol.\'a01994;37(6):878\'96888.\
148. Karlsson\'a0M,\'a0Hammers-Berggren\'a0S,\'a0Lindquist\'a0L,\'a0Stiernstedt\'a0G,\'a0Svenungsson\'a0B.\'a0Comparison of intravenous penicillin G and oral doxycycline for treatment of Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Neurology.\'a01994;44(7):1203\'961207.\
149. Lj\'f8stad\'a0U,\'a0Skogvoll\'a0E,\'a0Eikeland\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Oral doxycycline versus intravenous ceftriaxone for European Lyme neuroborreliosis: a multicentre, non-inferiority, double-blind, randomised trial.\'a0Lancet Neurol.\'a02008;7(8):690\'96695.\
150. Bremell\'a0D,\'a0Dotevall\'a0L.\'a0Oral doxycycline for Lyme neuroborreliosis with symptoms of encephalitis, myelitis, vasculitis or intracranial hypertension.\'a0Eur Neurol.\'a02014;21(9):1162\'961167.\
151. Berende\'a0A,\'a0ter Hofstede\'a0H.J,\'a0Vos\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Randomized trial of longer-term therapy for symptoms attributed to Lyme disease.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02016;374(13):1209\'961220.\
152. Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Nowakowski\'a0J,\'a0Fish\'a0D,\'a0et al.\'a0Prophylaxis with single-dose doxycycline for the prevention of Lyme disease after an Ixodes scapularis tick bite.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02001;345(2):79\'9684.\
153. Perine\'a0P.L,\'a0Teklu\'a0B.\'a0Antibiotic treatment of louse-borne relapsing fever in Ethiopia: a report of 377 cases.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a01983;32(5):1096\'961100.\
154. Zenker\'a0P.N,\'a0Rolfs\'a0R.T.\'a0Treatment of syphilis, 1989.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01990;12(Suppl 6):S590\'96S609.\
155. Ghanem\'a0K.G,\'a0Erbelding\'a0E.J,\'a0Cheng\'a0W.W,\'a0Rompalo\'a0A.M.\'a0Doxycycline compared with benzathine penicillin for the treatment of early syphilis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02006;42(6):e45\'96e49.\
156. Psomas\'a0K.C,\'a0Brun\'a0M,\'a0Causse\'a0A,\'a0Atoui\'a0N,\'a0Reynes\'a0J,\'a0Le Moing\'a0V.\'a0Efficacy of ceftriaxone and doxycycline in the treatment of early syphilis.\'a0Med Mal Infect.\'a02012;42(1):15\'9619.\
157. Kang-Birken\'a0S.L,\'a0Castel\'a0U,\'a0Prichard\'a0J.G.\'a0Oral doxycycline for treatment of neurosyphilis in two patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02010;30(4):119e\'96122e.\
158. Girometti\'a0N,\'a0Junejo\'a0M.H,\'a0Nugent\'a0D,\'a0McOwan\'a0A,\'a0Whitlock\'a0G.\'a0Clinical and serological outcomes in patients treated with oral doxycycline for early neurosyphilis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02021;76(7):1916\'961919.\
159. De\'a0M.A,\'a0Solaro\'a0C,\'a0Abbruzzese\'a0M,\'a0Primavera\'a0A.\'a0Minocycline for symptomatic neurosyphilis in patients allergic to penicillin.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01997;337(18):1322\'961323.\
160. Farnsworth\'a0N,\'a0Rosen\'a0T.\'a0Endemic treponematosis: review and update.\'a0Clinics in Dermatology.\'a02006;24(3):181\'96190.\
161. Suputtamongkol\'a0Y,\'a0Niwattayakul\'a0K,\'a0Suttinont\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0An open, randomized, controlled trial of penicillin, doxycycline, and cefotaxime for patients with severe leptospirosis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02004;39(10):1417\'961424.\
162. Brett-Major\'a0D.M,\'a0Lipnick\'a0R.J.\'a0Antibiotic prophylaxis for leptospirosis.\'a0Cochrane Database Syst Rev.\'a02009(3):Cd007342.\
163. Griffith\'a0K.S,\'a0Lewis\'a0L.S,\'a0Mali\'a0S,\'a0Parise\'a0M.E.\'a0Treatment of malaria in the United States: a systematic review.\'a0JAMA.\'a02007;297(20):2264\'962277.\
164. Pukrittayakamee\'a0S,\'a0Clemens\'a0R,\'a0Chantra\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Therapeutic responses to antibacterial drugs in vivax malaria.\'a0Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg.\'a02001;95(5):524\'96528.\
165. Ohrt\'a0C,\'a0Richie\'a0T.L,\'a0Widjaja\'a0H,\'a0et al.\'a0Mefloquine compared with doxycycline for the prophylaxis of malaria in Indonesian soldiers. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01997;126(12):963\'96972.\
166. Sonmez\'a0A,\'a0Harlak\'a0A,\'a0Kilic\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0The efficacy and tolerability of doxycycline and mefloquine in malaria prophylaxis of the ISAF troops in Afghanistan.\'a0J Infect Res.\'a02005;51(3):253\'96258.\
167. Rieckmann\'a0K.H,\'a0Yeo\'a0A.E,\'a0Davis\'a0D.R,\'a0Hutton\'a0D.C,\'a0Wheatley\'a0P.F,\'a0Simpson\'a0R.\'a0Recent military experience with malaria chemoprophylaxis.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01993;158(7):446\'96449.\
168. Pang\'a0L.W,\'a0Limsomwong\'a0N,\'a0Boudreau\'a0E.F,\'a0Singharaj\'a0P.\'a0Doxycycline prophylaxis for falciparum malaria.\'a0Lancet.\'a01987;1(8543):1161\'961164.\
169. Pang\'a0L,\'a0Limsomwong\'a0N,\'a0Singharaj\'a0P.\'a0Prophylactic treatment of vivax and falciparum malaria with low-dose doxycycline.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01988;158(5):1124\'961127.\
170. Shmuklarsky\'a0M.J,\'a0Boudreau\'a0E.F,\'a0Pang\'a0L.W,\'a0et al.\'a0Failure of doxycycline as a causal prophylactic agent against Plasmodium falciparum malaria in healthy nonimmune volunteers.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01994;120(4):294\'96299.\
171. Tan\'a0K.R,\'a0Magill\'a0A.J,\'a0Parise\'a0M.E,\'a0Arguin\'a0P.M.\'a0Doxycycline for malaria chemoprophylaxis and treatment: report from the CDC expert meeting on malaria chemoprophylaxis.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02011;84(4):517\'96531.\
172. Fan\'a0M.Y,\'a0Walker\'a0D.H,\'a0Yu\'a0S.R,\'a0Liu\'a0Q.H.\'a0Epidemiology and ecology of rickettsial diseases in the People\'92s Republic of China.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(4):823\'96840.\
173. Gudiol\'a0F,\'a0Pallares\'a0R,\'a0Carratala\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Randomized double-blind evaluation of ciprofloxacin and doxycycline for Mediterranean spotted fever.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(6):987\'96988.\
174. Perine\'a0P.L,\'a0Chandler\'a0B.P,\'a0Krause\'a0D.K,\'a0et al.\'a0A clinico-epidemiological study of epidemic typhus in Africa.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01992;14(5):1149\'961158.\
175. Minniear\'a0T.D,\'a0Buckingham\'a0S.C.\'a0Managing rocky mountain spotted fever.\'a0Expert Rev Anti-infect Ther.\'a02009;7(9):1131\'961137.\
176. Ariza\'a0J,\'a0Bosilkovski\'a0M,\'a0Cascio\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Perspectives for the treatment of brucellosis in the 21st century: the Ioannina recommendations.\'a0PLoS Medicine.\'a02007;4(12):e317.\
177. Solera\'a0J,\'a0Martinez-Alfaro\'a0E,\'a0Saez\'a0L.\'a0Meta-analysis of the efficacy of the combination of +rifampicin and doxycycline in the treatment of human brucellosis.\'a0Med Clin.\'a01994;102(19):731\'96738.\
178. Hasanjani Roushan\'a0M.R,\'a0Mohraz\'a0M,\'a0Hajiahmadi\'a0M,\'a0Ramzani\'a0A,\'a0Valayati\'a0A.A.\'a0Efficacy of gentamicin plus doxycycline versus streptomycin plus doxycycline in the treatment of brucellosis in humans.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02006;42(8):1075\'961080.\
179. Hasanain\'a0A,\'a0Mahdy\'a0R,\'a0Mohamed\'a0A,\'a0Ali\'a0M.\'a0A randomized, comparative study of dual therapy (doxycycline-rifampin) versus triple therapy (doxycycline-rifampin-levofloxacin) for treating acute/subacute brucellosis.\'a0Braz J Infect Dis.\'a02016;20(3):250\'96254.\
180. Pappas\'a0G,\'a0Seitaridis\'a0S,\'a0Akritidis\'a0N,\'a0Tsianos\'a0E.\'a0Treatment of brucella spondylitis: lessons from an impossible meta-analysis and initial report of efficacy of a fluoroquinolone-containing regimen.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;24(5):502\'96507.\
181. Powell\'a0O.W,\'a0Kennedy\'a0K.P,\'a0Mc\'a0I.M,\'a0Silverstone\'a0H.\'a0Tetracycline in the treatment of \'93Q\'94 fever.\'a0Australas Ann Med.\'a01962;11:184\'96188.\
182. Spelman\'a0D.W.\'a0Q fever: a study of 111 consecutive cases.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01982;1(13):547\'96548\'a0551, 553.\
183. Maurin\'a0M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Q fever.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a01999;12(4):518\'96553.\
184. Ferrante\'a0M.A,\'a0Dolan\'a0M.J.\'a0Q fever meningoencephalitis in a soldier returning from the Persian Gulf War.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01993;16(4):489\'96496.\
185. Fenollar\'a0F,\'a0Fournier\'a0P.E,\'a0Carrieri\'a0M.P,\'a0Habib\'a0G,\'a0Messana\'a0T,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Risks factors and prevention of Q fever endocarditis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;33(3):312\'96316.\
186. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Houpikian\'a0P,\'a0Tissot Dupont\'a0H,\'a0Riss\'a0J.M,\'a0Arditi-Djiane\'a0J,\'a0Brouqui\'a0P.\'a0Treatment of Q fever endocarditis: comparison of 2 regimens containing doxycycline and ofloxacin or hydroxychloroquine.\'a0Arch Intern Med.\'a01999;159(2):167\'96173.\
187. Chaowagul\'a0W,\'a0Chierakul\'a0W,\'a0Simpson\'a0A.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Open-label randomized trial of oral trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, doxycycline, and chloramphenicol compared with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole and doxycycline for maintenance therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(10):4020\'964025.\
188. Chaowagul\'a0W,\'a0Simpson\'a0A.J,\'a0Suputtamongkol\'a0Y,\'a0Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Angus\'a0B.J,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0A comparison of chloramphenicol, trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, and doxycycline with doxycycline alone as maintenance therapy for melioidosis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01999;29(2):375\'96380.\
189. Fredeking\'a0T.M,\'a0Zavala-Castro\'a0J.E,\'a0Gonzalez-Martinez\'a0P,\'a0et al.\'a0Dengue patients treated with doxycycline showed lower mortality associated to a reduction in IL-6 and TNF levels.\'a0Recent Patents on Anti-infective Drug Discovery.\'a02015;10(1):51\'9658.\
190. Haik\'a0S,\'a0Marcon\'a0G,\'a0Mallet\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline in Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease: a phase 2, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0The Lancet Neurology.\'a02014;13(2):150\'96158.\
191. Varges\'a0D,\'a0Manthey\'a0H,\'a0Heinemann\'a0U,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline in early CJD: a double-blinded randomised phase II and observational study.\'a0J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry Res.\'a02017;88(2):119\'96125.\
192. Ritchie\'a0D.J,\'a0Garavaglia-Wilson\'a0A.\'a0A review of intravenous minocycline for treatment of multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter infections.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02014;59(Suppl 6):S374\'96S380.\
193. Pogue\'a0J.M,\'a0Neelakanta\'a0A,\'a0Mynatt\'a0R.P,\'a0Sharma\'a0S,\'a0Lephart\'a0P,\'a0Kaye\'a0K.S.\'a0Carbapenem-resistance in gram-negative bacilli and intravenous minocycline: an antimicrobial stewardship approach at the Detroit Medical Center.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02014;59(Suppl 6):S388\'96S393.\
194. Hand\'a0E,\'a0Davis\'a0H,\'a0Kim\'a0T,\'a0Duhon\'a0B.\'a0Monotherapy with minocycline or trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole for treatment of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia infections.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02016;71(4):1071\'961075.\
195. Tan\'a0H.H.\'a0Antibacterial therapy for acne: a guide to selection and use of systemic agents.\'a0Am J Clin Dermatol.\'a02003;4(5):307\'96314.\
196. Stewart\'a0D.M,\'a0Torok\'a0H.M,\'a0Weiss\'a0J.S,\'a0Plott\'a0R.T.\'a0Dose-ranging efficacy of new once-daily extended-release minocycline for acne vulgaris.\'a0Cutis.\'a02006;78(4 Suppl):11\'9620.\
197. O\'92Dell\'a0J.R,\'a0Elliott\'a0J.R,\'a0Mallek\'a0J.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of early seropositive rheumatoid arthritis: doxycycline plus methotrexate versus methotrexate alone.\'a0Arthritis and Rheumatism.\'a02006;54(2):621\'96627.\
198. Tilley\'a0B.C,\'a0Alarcon\'a0G.S,\'a0Heyse\'a0S.P,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline in rheumatoid arthritis. A 48-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. MIRA Trial Group.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01995;122(2):81\'9689.\
199. O\'92Dell\'a0J.R,\'a0Paulsen\'a0G,\'a0Haire\'a0C.E,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of early seropositive rheumatoid arthritis with minocycline: four-year followup of a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0Arthritis and Rheumatol.\'a01999;42(8):1691\'961695.\
200. Matsuyama\'a0A,\'a0Sakai\'a0N,\'a0Ishigami\'a0M,\'a0Hiraoka\'a0H,\'a0Yamashita\'a0S.\'a0Minocycline for the treatment of Takayasu arteritis.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a02005;143(5):394\'96395.\
201. Sorensen\'a0P.S,\'a0Sellebjerg\'a0F,\'a0Lycke\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline added to subcutaneous interferon \uc0\u946 -1a in multiple sclerosis: randomized RECYCLINE study.\'a0Eur Neurol.\'a02016;23(5):861\'96870.\
202. Metz\'a0L.M,\'a0Li\'a0D.K.B,\'a0Traboulsee\'a0A.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Trial of minocycline in a clinically isolated syndrome of multiple sclerosis.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02017;376(22):2122\'962133.\
203. Brouillard\'a0J.E,\'a0Terriff\'a0C.M,\'a0Tofan\'a0A,\'a0Garrison\'a0M.W.\'a0Antibiotic selection and resistance issues with fluoroquinolones and doxycycline against bioterrorism agents.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02006;26(1):3\'9614.\
204. Roberts\'a0M.C.\'a0Tetracycline resistance determinants: mechanisms of action, regulation of expression, genetic mobility, and distribution.\'a0FEMS Microbiol Rev.\'a01996;19(1):1\'9624.\
205. Roberts\'a0M.C.\'a0Tetracycline therapy: update.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02003;36(4):462\'96467.\
206. Chopra\'a0I.\'a0New developments in tetracycline antibiotics: glycylcyclines and tetracycline efflux pump inhibitors.\'a0Drug Resistance Updates.\'a02002;5(3\'964):119\'96125.\
207. Paulsen\'a0I.T,\'a0Brown\'a0M.H,\'a0Skurray\'a0R.A.\'a0Proton-dependent multidrug efflux systems.\'a0Microbiol Rev.\'a01996;60(4):575\'96608.\
208. Connell\'a0S.R,\'a0Tracz\'a0D.M,\'a0Nierhaus\'a0K.H,\'a0Taylor\'a0D.E.\'a0Ribosomal protection proteins and their mechanism of tetracycline resistance.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(12):3675\'963681.\
209. Rasmussen\'a0B.A,\'a0Gluzman\'a0Y,\'a0Tally\'a0F.P.\'a0Inhibition of protein synthesis occurring on tetracycline-resistant, TetM-protected ribosomes by a novel class of tetracyclines, the glycylcyclines.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(7):1658\'961660.\
210. Melville\'a0C.M,\'a0Scott\'a0K.P,\'a0Mercer\'a0D.K,\'a0Flint\'a0H.J.\'a0Novel tetracycline resistance gene, tet(32), in the Clostridium-related human colonic anaerobe K10 and its transmission in\'a0vitro to the rumen anaerobe Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02001;45(11):3246\'963249.\
211. Speer\'a0B.S,\'a0Salyers\'a0A.A.\'a0Novel aerobic tetracycline resistance gene that chemically modifies tetracycline.\'a0J Bacter.\'a01989;171(1):148\'96153.\
212. Yang\'a0W,\'a0Moore\'a0I.F,\'a0Koteva\'a0K.P,\'a0Bareich\'a0D.C,\'a0Hughes\'a0D.W,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0TetX is a flavin-dependent monooxygenase conferring resistance to tetracycline antibiotics.\'a0J Biol Chem.\'a02004;279(50):52346\'9652352.\
213. Moore\'a0I.F,\'a0Hughes\'a0D.W,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0Tigecycline is modified by the flavin-dependent monooxygenase TetX.\'a0Biochemistry.\'a02005;44(35):11829\'9611835.\
214. Cohen\'a0S.P,\'a0McMurry\'a0L.M,\'a0Levy\'a0S.B.\'a0marA locus causes decreased expression of OmpF porin in multiple-antibiotic-resistant (Mar) mutants of Escherichia coli.\'a0J Bacteriol.\'a01988;170(12):5416\'965422.\
215. Gerrits\'a0M.M,\'a0de Zoete\'a0M.R,\'a0Arents\'a0N.L,\'a0Kuipers\'a0E.J,\'a0Kusters\'a0J.G.\'a016S rRNA mutation-mediated tetracycline resistance in Helicobacter pylori.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02002;46(9):2996\'963000.\
216. Trieber\'a0C.A,\'a0Taylor\'a0D.E.\'a0Mutations in the 16S rRNA genes of Helicobacter pylori mediate resistance to tetracycline.\'a0J Bacteriol.\'a02002;184(8):2131\'962140.\
217. Smith\'a0K,\'a0Leyden\'a0J.J.\'a0Safety of doxycycline and minocycline: a systematic review.\'a0Clin Therap.\'a02005;27(9):1329\'961342.\
218. Lebrun-Vignes\'a0B,\'a0Kreft-Jais\'a0C,\'a0Castot\'a0A,\'a0Chosidow\'a0O.\'a0Comparative analysis of adverse drug reactions to tetracyclines: results of a French national survey and review of the literature.\'a0Br J Dermatol.\'a02012;166(6):1333\'961341.\
219. Hey\'a0H,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0F,\'a0Sorensen\'a0K,\'a0Hasselbalch\'a0H,\'a0Wamberg\'a0T.\'a0Oesophageal transit of six commonly used tablets and capsules.\'a0Br Med J (Clinical Research Ed).\'a01982;285(6356):1717\'961719.\'a0Page 351.e4.\
220. Winckler\'a0K.\'a0Tetracycline ulcers of the oesophagus, Endoscopy, histology and roentgenology in two cases, and review of the literature.\'a0Endoscopy.\'a01981;13(6):225\'96228.\
221. Fanning\'a0W.L,\'a0Gump\'a0D.W,\'a0Sofferman\'a0R.A.\'a0Side effects of minocycline: a double-blind study.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(4):712\'96717.\
222. Shea\'a0C.R,\'a0Olack\'a0G.A,\'a0Morrison\'a0H,\'a0Chen\'a0N,\'a0Hasan\'a0T.\'a0Phototoxicity of lumidoxycycline.\'a0J Invest Dermatol.\'a01993;101(3):329\'96333.\
223. Bethell\'a0H.J.\'a0Photo-onycholysis caused by demethylchlortetracycline.\'a0Br Med J.\'a01977;2(6079):96.\
224. Fenske\'a0N.A,\'a0Millns\'a0J.L,\'a0Greer\'a0K.E.\'a0Minocycline-induced pigmentation at sites of cutaneous inflammation.\'a0JAMA.\'a01980;244(10):1103\'961106.\
225. Simons\'a0J.J,\'a0Morales\'a0A.\'a0Minocycline and generalized cutaneous pigmentation.\'a0J Am Acad Dermatol.\'a01980;3(3):244\'96247.\
226. Cale\'a0A.E,\'a0Freedman\'a0P.D,\'a0Lumerman\'a0H.\'a0Pigmentation of the jawbones and teeth secondary to minocycline hydrochloride therapy.\'a0Journal of Periodontology.\'a01988;59(2):112\'96114.\
227. Odell\'a0E.W,\'a0Hodgson\'a0R.P,\'a0Haskell\'a0R.\'a0Oral presentation of minocycline-induced black bone disease.\'a0Oral Surgery, Oral Medicine, Oral Pathology, Oral Radiology, and Endodontics.\'a01995;79(4):459\'96461.\
228. Siller\'a0G.M,\'a0Tod\'a0M.A,\'a0Savage\'a0N.W.\'a0Minocycline-induced oral pigmentation.\'a0J Am Acad Dermatol.\'a01994;30(2 Pt 2):350\'96354.\
229. Attwood\'a0H.D.\'a0A black thyroid and minocycline therapy.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01983;1(12):549.\
230. Landas\'a0S.K,\'a0Schelper\'a0R.L,\'a0Tio\'a0F.O,\'a0Turner\'a0J.W,\'a0Moore\'a0K.C,\'a0Bennett-Gray\'a0J.\'a0Black thyroid syndrome: exaggeration of a normal process?\'a0Am J Clin Pathol.\'a01986;85(4):411\'96418.\
231. Demers\'a0P,\'a0Fraser\'a0D,\'a0Goldbloom\'a0R.B,\'a0et al.\'a0Effects of tetracyclines on skeletal growth and dentition. A report by the Nutrition Committee of the Canadian Paediatric Society.\'a0Can Med Assoc.\'a01968;99(17):849\'96854.\
232. Moffitt\'a0J.M,\'a0Cooley\'a0R.O,\'a0Olsen\'a0N.H,\'a0Hefferren\'a0J.J.\'a0Prediction of tetracycline-induced tooth discoloration.\'a0J Am Dent Assoc (1939).\'a01974;88(3):547\'96552.\
233. Witkop\'a0Jr.\'a0C.J,\'a0Wolf\'a0R.O.\'a0Hypoplasia and intrinsic staining of enamel following tetracycline therapy.\'a0JAMA.\'a01963;185:1008\'961011.\
234. McIntosh\'a0H.A,\'a0Storey\'a0E.\'a0Tetracycline-induced tooth changes.4. Discoloration and hypoplasia induced by tetracycline analogues.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01970;1(3):114\'96119.\
235. Grossman\'a0E.R,\'a0Walchek\'a0A,\'a0Freedman\'a0H.\'a0Tetracyclines and permanent teeth: the relation between dose and tooth color.\'a0Pediatrics.\'a01971;47(3):567\'96570.\
236. Todd\'a0S.R,\'a0Dahlgren\'a0F.S,\'a0Traeger\'a0M.S,\'a0et al.\'a0No visible dental staining in children treated with doxycycline for suspected Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a02015;166(5):1246\'961251.\
237. Volovitz\'a0B,\'a0Shkap\'a0R,\'a0Amir\'a0J,\'a0Calderon\'a0S,\'a0Varsano\'a0I,\'a0Nussinovitch\'a0M.\'a0Absence of tooth staining with doxycycline treatment in young children.\'a0Clin Pediatr.\'a02007;46(2):121\'96126.\
238. Toaff\'a0R,\'a0Ravid\'a0R.\'a0Tetracyclines and the teeth.\'a0Lancet.\'a01966;2(7457):281\'96282.\
239. Cohlan\'a0S.Q.\'a0Teratogenic agents and congenital malformations.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a01963;63:650\'96659.\
240. Schultz\'a0J.C,\'a0Adamson\'a0JS.\'a0J.r,\'a0Workman\'a0W.W,\'a0Norman\'a0T.D.\'a0Fatal liver disease after intravenous administration of tetracycline in high dosage.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01963;269:999\'961004.\
241. Carson\'a0J.L,\'a0Strom\'a0B.L,\'a0Duff\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Acute liver disease associated with erythromycins, sulfonamides, and tetracyclines.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01993;119(7 Pt 1):576\'96583.\
242. Vial\'a0T,\'a0Biour\'a0M,\'a0Descotes\'a0J,\'a0Trepo\'a0C.\'a0Antibiotic-associated hepatitis: update from 1990.\'a0Ann Pharmacother.\'a01997;31(2):204\'96220.\
243. Shils\'a0M.E.\'a0Renal disease and the metabolic effects of tetracycline.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01963;58:389\'96408.\
244. Montoliu\'a0J,\'a0Carrera\'a0M,\'a0Darnell\'a0A,\'a0Revert\'a0L.\'a0Lactic acidosis and Fanconi\'92s syndrome due to degraded tetracycline.\'a0Br. Med. J (Clinical Research Ed).\'a01981;283(6306):1576\'961577.\
245. Lander\'a0C.M.\'a0Minocycline-induced benign intracranial hypertension.\'a0Exp Neurol.\'a01989;26:161\'96167.\
246. Koch-Weser\'a0J,\'a0Gilmore\'a0E.B.\'a0Benign intracranial hypertension in an adult after tetracycline therapy.\'a0JAMA.\'a01967;200(4):345\'96347.\
247. Chiu\'a0A.M,\'a0Chuenkongkaew\'a0W.L,\'a0Cornblath\'a0W.T,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline treatment and pseudotumor cerebri syndrome.\'a0Am J Ophthalmol.\'a01998;126(1):116\'96121.\
248. Kesler\'a0A,\'a0Goldhammer\'a0Y,\'a0Hadayer\'a0A,\'a0Pianka\'a0P.\'a0The outcome of pseudotumor cerebri induced by tetracycline therapy.\'a0Acta Neurologica Scandinavica.\'a02004;110(6):408\'96411.\
249. Lochhead\'a0J,\'a0Elston\'a0J.S.\'a0Doxycycline induced intracranial hypertension.\'a0BMJ (Clinical Research Ed).\'a02003;326(7390):641\'96642.\
250. Knowles\'a0S.R,\'a0Shapiro\'a0L,\'a0Shear\'a0N.H.\'a0Serious adverse reactions induced by minocycline. Report of 13 patients and review of the literature.\'a0Arch Dermatol.\'a01996;132(8):934\'96939.\
251. Fellner\'a0M.J,\'a0Baer\'a0R.L.\'a0Anaphylactic reaction to tetracycline in a penicillin-allergic patient: immunologic studies.\'a0JAMA.\'a01965;192:997\'96998.\
252. Cac\'a0N.N,\'a0Messingham\'a0M.J,\'a0Sniezek\'a0P.J,\'a0Walling\'a0H.W.\'a0Stevens-Johnson syndrome induced by doxycycline.\'a0Cutis.\'a02007;79(2):119\'96122.\
253. Czeizel\'a0A.E,\'a0Rockenbauer\'a0M.\'a0Teratogenic study of doxycycline.\'a0Obstet Gynecol.\'a01997;89(4):524\'96528.\
254. Rosa\'a0F.\'a0Drugs in Pregnancy and Lactation: A Reference Guide to Fetal and Neonatal Risk.\'a0Philadelphia (PA):\'a0Lippincott Williams & Wilkins;\'a02002.\
255. Kaundinnyayana\'a0S,\'a0Kamath\'a0A.\'a0Doxycycline use and adverse pregnancy or neonatal outcomes: a descriptive study using the United States Food and Drug Administration Adverse Event Reporting System database.\'a0Health Sci Rep.\'a02022;5(6):e931.\
256. Ellis-Grosse\'a0E.J,\'a0Babinchak\'a0T,\'a0Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Rose\'a0G,\'a0Loh\'a0E.\'a0The efficacy and safety of tigecycline in the treatment of skin and skin-structure infections: results of 2 double-blind phase 3 comparison studies with vancomycin-aztreonam.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02005;41(Suppl 5):S341\'96S353.\
257. Babinchak\'a0T,\'a0Ellis-Grosse\'a0E,\'a0Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Rose\'a0G.M,\'a0Loh\'a0E.\'a0The efficacy and safety of tigecycline for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections: analysis of pooled clinical trial data.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02005;41(Suppl 5):S354\'96S367.\
258. Tanaseanu\'a0C,\'a0Bergallo\'a0C,\'a0Teglia\'a0O,\'a0et al.\'a0Integrated results of 2 phase 3 studies comparing tigecycline and levofloxacin in community-acquired pneumonia.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02008;61(3):329\'96338.\
259. Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Castaing\'a0N,\'a0Gandjini\'a0H,\'a0Cooper\'a0A.\'a0Tigecycline versus levofloxacin for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia: European experience.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother (Florence, Italy).\'a02008;20(Suppl 1):28\'9635.\
260. FDA. Increased risk of death with Tygacil (tigecycline) compared to other antibiotics used to treat similar infections. http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DrugSafety/ucm224370.htm. (Accessed December 9, 2012).\
261. FDA. FDA Drug Safety Communication: FDA Warns of Increased Risk of Death with IV Antibacterial Tygacil (Tigecycline) and Approves New Boxed Warning. http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DrugSafety/ucm369580.htm. (Accessed January 26, 2014).\
262. McGovern\'a0P.C,\'a0Wible\'a0M,\'a0El-Tahtawy\'a0A,\'a0Biswas\'a0P,\'a0Meyer\'a0R.D.\'a0All-cause mortality imbalance in the tigecycline phase 3 and 4 clinical trials.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02013;41(5):463\'96467.\
263. Sum\'a0P.E,\'a0Lee\'a0V.J,\'a0Testa\'a0R.T,\'a0et al.\'a0Glycylcyclines. 1. A new generation of potent antibacterial agents through modification of 9-aminotetracyclines.\'a0J Med Chem.\'a01994;37(1):184\'96188.\
264. Bauer\'a0G,\'a0Berens\'a0C,\'a0Projan\'a0S.J,\'a0Hillen\'a0W.\'a0Comparison of tetracycline and tigecycline binding to ribosomes mapped by dimethylsulphate and drug-directed Fe2+ cleavage of 16S rRNA.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02004;53(4):592\'96599.\
265. Olson\'a0M.W,\'a0Ruzin\'a0A,\'a0Feyfant\'a0E,\'a0Rush\'a03rd.\'a0T.S,\'a0O\'92Connell\'a0J,\'a0Bradford\'a0P.A.\'a0Functional, biophysical, and structural bases for antibacterial activity of tigecycline.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(6):2156\'962166.\
266. Bergeron\'a0J,\'a0Ammirati\'a0M,\'a0Danley\'a0D,\'a0et al.\'a0Glycylcyclines bind to the high-affinity tetracycline ribosomal binding site and evade Tet(M)- and Tet(O)-mediated ribosomal protection.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01996;40(9):2226\'962228.\
267. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Homenuik\'a0K,\'a0Nichol\'a0K,\'a0et al.\'a0The glycylcyclines: a comparative review with the tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a02004;64(1):63\'9688.\
268. Wyeth. Tygacil (tigecycline) package insert. In: Wyeth Pharmaceuticals I, ed. Philadelphia, PA2011.\
269. Troy\'a0S,\'a0Muralidharan\'a0G,\'a0Micalizzi\'a0M,\'a0Mojaverian\'a0P,\'a0Salacinski\'a0L,\'a0Raible\'a0D.\'a0The effects of renal disease on the pharmacokinetics of tigecycline (GAR-936) (Abstract A-43).\'a0In:\'a0Proceedings of the 43rd Annual Meeting of the Interscience Conference on Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy.\'a02003\'a0Chicago, IL.\
270. Frampton\'a0J.E,\'a0Curran\'a0M.P.\'a0Tigecycline.\'a0Drugs.\'a02005;65(18):2623\'962635\'a0discussion 2636-2627.\
271. Muralidharan\'a0G,\'a0Fruncillo\'a0R.J,\'a0Micalizzi\'a0M,\'a0Raible\'a0D.G,\'a0Troy\'a0S.M.\'a0Effects of age and sex on single-dose pharmacokinetics of tigecycline in healthy subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(4):1656\'961659.\
272. Muralidharan\'a0G,\'a0Micalizzi\'a0M,\'a0Speth\'a0J,\'a0Raible\'a0D,\'a0Troy\'a0S.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of tigecycline after single and multiple doses in healthy subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(1):220\'96229.\
273. Rodvold\'a0K.A,\'a0Gotfried\'a0M.H,\'a0Cwik\'a0M,\'a0Korth-Bradley\'a0J.M,\'a0Dukart\'a0G,\'a0Ellis-Grosse\'a0E.J.\'a0Serum, tissue and body fluid concentrations of tigecycline after a single 100 mg dose.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(6):1221\'961229.\
274. Bhattacharya\'a0I,\'a0Gotfried\'a0M.H,\'a0Ji\'a0A.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Reassessment of tigecycline bone concentrations in volunteers undergoing elective orthopedic procedures.\'a0J Clin Pharmacol.\'a02014;54(1):70\'9674.\
275. Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetic considerations regarding tigecycline for multidrug-resistant (MDR) Klebsiella pneumoniae or MDR Acinetobacter baumannii urosepsis.\'a0J Clin Microbiol.\'a02009;47(5):1613.\
276. Livermore\'a0D.M.\'a0Tigecycline: what is it, and where should it be used?\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02005;56(4):611\'96614.\
277. Barbour\'a0A,\'a0Scaglione\'a0F,\'a0Derendorf\'a0H.\'a0Class-dependent relevance of tissue distribution in the interpretation of anti-infective pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic indices.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02010;35(5):431\'96438.\
278. Hoffmann\'a0M,\'a0DeMaio\'a0W,\'a0Jordan\'a0R.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Metabolism, excretion, and pharmacokinetics of [14C]tigecycline, a first-in-class glycylcycline antibiotic, after intravenous infusion to healthy male subjects.\'a0Drug Metab Dispos.\'a02007;35(9):1543\'961553.\
279. Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Kreiswirth\'a0B.N,\'a0Weiss\'a0K,\'a0Willey\'a0B.M.\'a0Activity of GAR-936 and other antimicrobial agents against North American isolates of Staphylococcus aureus.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02002;20(3):220\'96222.\
280. Goff\'a0D.A,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0Prevalence and regional variation in meticillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) in the USA and comparative in\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline, a glycylcycline antimicrobial.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02007;56(Pt 9):1189\'961193.\
281. Gales\'a0A.C,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R.\'a0Tigecycline activity tested against 11808 bacterial pathogens recently collected from US medical centers.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02008;60(4):421\'96427.\
282. Mendes\'a0R.E,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Deshpande\'a0L,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Antimicrobial activity of tigecycline against community-acquired methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates recovered from North American medical centers.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02008;60(4):433\'96436.\
283. Namdari\'a0H,\'a0Tan\'a0T.Y,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0Activity of tigecycline and comparators against skin and skin structure pathogens: global results of the Tigecycline evaluation and surveillance trial, 2004-2009.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02012;16(1):e60\'96e66.\
284. Borbone\'a0S,\'a0Lupo\'a0A,\'a0Mezzatesta\'a0M.L,\'a0Campanile\'a0F,\'a0Santagati\'a0M,\'a0Stefani\'a0S.\'a0Evaluation of the in\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline against multiresistant Gram-positive cocci containing tetracycline resistance determinants.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02008;31(3):209\'96215.\
285. Cercenado\'a0E,\'a0Cercenado\'a0S,\'a0Gomez\'a0J.A,\'a0Bouza\'a0E.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline (GAR-936), a novel glycylcycline, against vancomycin-resistant enterococci and staphylococci with diminished susceptibility to glycopeptides.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(1):138\'96139.\
286. Aznar\'a0J,\'a0Lepe\'a0J.A,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility among E. faecalis and E. faecium from France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the UK (T.E.S.T. Surveillance Study, 2004-2009).\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother (Florence, Italy).\'a02012;24(2):74\'9680.\
287. Lee do\'a0K,\'a0Kim\'a0Y,\'a0Park\'a0K.S,\'a0Yang\'a0J.W,\'a0Kim\'a0K,\'a0Ha\'a0N.J.\'a0Antimicrobial activity of mupirocin, daptomycin, linezolid, quinupristin/dalfopristin and tigecycline against vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) from clinical isolates in Korea (1998 and 2005).\'a0J Biochem Mol.\'a02007;40(6):881\'96887.\
288. Moet\'a0G.J,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Tigecycline (GAR-936) activity against Streptococcus gallolyticus (bovis) and viridans group streptococci.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02007;57(3):333\'96336.\
289. Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Stilwell\'a0M.G,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Potency and spectrum of tigecycline tested against an international collection of bacterial pathogens associated with skin and soft tissue infections (2000-2004).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):195\'96201.\
290. Hoban\'a0D.J,\'a0Bouchillon\'a0S.K,\'a0Johnson\'a0B.M,\'a0Johnson\'a0J.L,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline against 6792 gram-negative and gram-positive clinical isolates from the global tigecycline evaluation and surveillance trial (TEST program, 2004).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):215\'96227.\
291. Hoellman\'a0D.B,\'a0Pankuch\'a0G.A,\'a0Jacobs\'a0M.R,\'a0Appelbaum\'a0P.C.\'a0Antipneumococcal activities of GAR-936 (a new glycylcycline) compared to those of nine other agents against penicillin-susceptible and -resistant pneumococci.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(4):1085\'961088.\
292. Salas\'a0C,\'a0Calvo\'a0J,\'a0Martinez-Martinez\'a0L.\'a0Activity of tigecycline against Coryneform bacteria of clinical interest and Listeria monocytogenes.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(4):1503\'961505.\
293. Milatovic\'a0D,\'a0Schmitz\'a0F.J,\'a0Verhoef\'a0J,\'a0Fluit\'a0A.C.\'a0Activities of the glycylcycline tigecycline (GAR-936) against 1,924 recent European clinical bacterial isolates.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(1):400\'96404.\
294. Garcia\'a0C.P,\'a0Juliet\'a0L.C,\'a0Fernandez\'a0V.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Multicenter study on the monitoring of in\'a0vitro susceptibility to tigeeyeline in Santiago, Chile.\'a0Revista chilena de infectologia.\'a02009;26(3):220\'96226.\'a0Page 351.e5.\
295. Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Strabala\'a0P.A,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Activity of tigecycline tested against a global collection of Enterobacteriaceae, including tetracycline-resistant isolates.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):209\'96213.\
296. Nabuurs-Franssen\'a0M,\'a0Mouton\'a0J.W.\'a0Tigecycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:881\'96892.\
297. Bouchillon\'a0S.K,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J,\'a0Johnson\'a0B.M,\'a0Johnson\'a0J.L,\'a0Hsiung\'a0A,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline against 3989 gram-negative and gram-positive clinical isolates from the United States tigecycline evaluation and surveillance trial (TEST program; 2004).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):173\'96179.\
298. Castanheira\'a0M,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Deshpande\'a0L.M,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Antimicrobial activities of tigecycline and other broad-spectrum antimicrobials tested against serine carbapenemase- and metallo-beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae: report from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(2):570\'96573.\
299. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Karlowsky\'a0J.A,\'a0Rubinstein\'a0E,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J.\'a0Tigecycline: a novel glycylcycline antibiotic.\'a0Expert Rev Anti-infect Ther.\'a02006;4(1):9\'9625.\
300. Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Park\'a0C.H.\'a0Update on antimicrobial susceptibility rates among gram-negative and gram-positive organisms in the United States: results from the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) 2005 to 2007.\'a0Clinical Therapeutics.\'a02008;30(11):2040\'962050.\
301. Navon-Venezia\'a0S,\'a0Leavitt\'a0A,\'a0Carmeli\'a0Y.\'a0High tigecycline resistance in multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02007;59(4):772\'96774.\
302. Farrell\'a0D.J,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibilities of a worldwide collection of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia isolates tested against tigecycline and agents commonly used for S. maltophilia infections.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02010;54(6):2735\'962737.\
303. Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Kirby\'a0J.T,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline (GAR-936) tested against 11,859 recent clinical isolates associated with community-acquired respiratory tract and gram-positive cutaneous infections.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02004;49(3):201\'96209.\
304. Dizbay\'a0M,\'a0Kilic\'a0S,\'a0Hizel\'a0K,\'a0Arman\'a0D.\'a0Tigecycline: its potential for treatment of brucellosis.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02007;39(5):432\'96434.\
305. Turan\'a0H,\'a0Arslan\'a0H,\'a0Azap\'a0O.K,\'a0Serefhanoglu\'a0K,\'a0Uncu\'a0H.\'a0In\'a0vitro antibacterial activity of tigecycline in comparison with doxycycline, ciprofloxacin and rifampicin against Brucella spp.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02007;30(2):186\'96187.\
306. Pappas\'a0G,\'a0Papadimitriou\'a0P,\'a0Christou\'a0L,\'a0Akritidis\'a0N.\'a0Future trends in human brucellosis treatment.\'a0Expert Opin Investig Drugs.\'a02006;15(10):1141\'961149.\
307. Jacobus\'a0N.V,\'a0McDermott\'a0L.A,\'a0Ruthazer\'a0R,\'a0Snydman\'a0D.R.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline against the Bacteroides fragilis group.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02004;48(3):1034\'961036.\
308. Nagy\'a0E,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline and comparators against a European compilation of anaerobes collected as part of the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST).\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02010;42(1):33\'9638.\
309. Kenny\'a0G.E,\'a0Cartwright\'a0F.D.\'a0Susceptibilities of Mycoplasma hominis, M. pneumoniae, and Ureaplasma urealyticum to GAR-936, dalfopristin, dirithromycin, evernimicin, gatifloxacin, linezolid, moxifloxacin, quinupristin-dalfopristin, and telithromycin compared to their susceptibilities to reference macrolides, tetracyclines, and quinolones.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02001;45(9):2604\'962608.\
310. Edelstein\'a0P.H,\'a0Weiss\'a0W.J,\'a0Edelstein\'a0M.A.\'a0Activities of tigecycline (GAR-936) against Legionella pneumophila in\'a0vitro and in Guinea pigs with L. pneumophila pneumonia.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(2):533\'96540.\
311. Fernandez-Roblas\'a0R,\'a0Martin-de-Hijas\'a0N.Z,\'a0Fernandez-Martinez\'a0A.I,\'a0Garcia-Almeida\'a0D,\'a0Gadea\'a0I,\'a0Esteban\'a0J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline and 10 other antimicrobials against nonpigmented rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(11):4184\'964186.\
312. Coban\'a0A.Y,\'a0Deveci\'a0A,\'a0Cayci\'a0Y.T,\'a0Uzun\'a0M,\'a0Akgunes\'a0A,\'a0Durupinar\'a0B.\'a0In\'a0vitro effect of tigecycline against Mycobacterium tuberculosis and a review of the available drugs for tuberculosis.\'a0Afr J Microbiol Res.\'a02011;5(3):311\'96315.\
313. Breedt\'a0J,\'a0Teras\'a0J,\'a0Gardovskis\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Safety and efficacy of tigecycline in treatment of skin and skin structure infections: results of a double-blind phase 3 comparison study with vancomycin-aztreonam.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(11):4658\'964666.\
314. Sacchidanand\'a0S,\'a0Penn\'a0R.L,\'a0Embil\'a0J.M,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline monotherapy compared with vancomycin plus aztreonam in patients with complicated skin and skin structure infections: results from a phase 3, randomized, double-blind trial.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02005;9(5):251\'96261.\
315. Teras\'a0J,\'a0Gardovskis\'a0J,\'a0Vaasna\'a0T,\'a0et al.\'a0Overview of tigecycline efficacy and safety in the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections - a European perspective.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother (Florence, Italy).\'a02008;20(Suppl 1):20\'9627.\
316. Chuang\'a0Y.C,\'a0Chang\'a0C.M,\'a0Aradhya\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline monotherapy compared with vancomycin-aztreonam in the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections in patients from India and Taiwan.\'a0J Microbiol.\'a02011;44(2):116\'96124.\
317. Lauf\'a0L,\'a0Ozsvar\'a0Z,\'a0Mitha\'a0I,\'a0et al.\'a0Phase 3 study comparing tigecycline and ertapenem in patients with diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02014;78(4):469\'96480.\
318. Oliva\'a0M.E,\'a0Rekha\'a0A,\'a0Yellin\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0A multicenter trial of the efficacy and safety of tigecycline versus imipenem/cilastatin in patients with complicated intra-abdominal infections [Study ID Numbers: 3074A1-301-WW; ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00081744].\'a0BMC Infect Dis.\'a02005;5:88.\
319. Towfigh\'a0S,\'a0Pasternak\'a0J,\'a0Poirier\'a0A,\'a0Leister\'a0H,\'a0Babinchak\'a0T.\'a0A multicentre, open-label, randomized comparative study of tigecycline versus ceftriaxone sodium plus metronidazole for the treatment of hospitalized subjects with complicated intra-abdominal infections.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02010;16(8):1274\'961281.\
320. Qvist\'a0N,\'a0Warren\'a0B,\'a0Leister-Tebbe\'a0H,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy of tigecycline versus ceftriaxone plus metronidazole for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections: results from a randomized, controlled trial.\'a0Surg Infect.\'a02012;13(2):102\'96109.\
321. Tanaseanu\'a0C,\'a0Milutinovic\'a0S,\'a0Calistru\'a0P.I,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline versus levofloxacin for community-acquired pneumonia.\'a0BMC Pulm Med.\'a02009;9:44.\
322. Bergallo\'a0C,\'a0Jasovich\'a0A,\'a0Teglia\'a0O,\'a0et al.\'a0Safety and efficacy of intravenous tigecycline in treatment of community-acquired pneumonia: results from a double-blind randomized phase 3 comparison study with levofloxacin.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02009;63(1):52\'9661.\
323. Curcio\'a0D,\'a0J\'a0C,\'a0W\'a0V,\'a0G\'a0V,\'a0A\'a0C.\'a0Tigecycline in the treatment of ventilator-associated pneumonia: experience from the Latin American Tigecycline Use Registry.\'a0Infez Med.\'a02010;18(1):27\'9634.\
324. Freire\'a0A.T,\'a0Melnyk\'a0V,\'a0Kim\'a0M.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Comparison of tigecycline with imipenem/cilastatin for the treatment of hospital-acquired pneumonia.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02010;68(2):140\'96151.\
325. Ramirez\'a0J,\'a0Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Gandjini\'a0H,\'a0Yan\'a0J.L,\'a0Korth-Bradley\'a0J,\'a0McGovern\'a0P.C.\'a0Randomized phase 2 trial to evaluate the clinical efficacy of two high-dosage tigecycline regimens versus imipenem-cilastatin for treatment of hospital-acquired pneumonia.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02013;57(4):1756\'961762.\
326. Curcio\'a0D,\'a0F\'a0F,\'a0A\'a0C,\'a0L\'a0B,\'a0D\'a0S.\'a0Indications of a new antibiotic in clinical practice: results of the tigecycline initial use registry.\'a0Braz J Infect Dis.\'a02008;12(3):198\'96201.\
327. Gardiner\'a0D,\'a0Dukart\'a0G,\'a0Cooper\'a0A,\'a0Babinchak\'a0T.\'a0Safety and efficacy of intravenous tigecycline in subjects with secondary bacteremia: pooled results from 8 phase III clinical trials.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02010;50(2):229\'96238.\
328. Aslam\'a0S,\'a0BW\'a0T,\'a0V\'a0R,\'a0RO\'a0D.\'a0Pilot trial of N-acetylcysteine and tigecycline as a catheter-lock solution for treatment of hemodialysis catheter-associated bacteremia.\'a0Infect Control Hosp.\'a02008;29(9):894\'96897.\
329. Vasilev\'a0K,\'a0G\'a0R,\'a0R\'a0O,\'a0et al.\'a0A Phase 3, open-label, non-comparative study of tigecycline in the treatment of patients with selected serious infections due to resistant Gram-negative organisms including Enterobacter species, Acinetobacter baumannii and Klebsiella pneumoniae.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02008;62(Suppl 1:i):29\'9640.\
330. Florescu\'a0I,\'a0Beuran\'a0M,\'a0Dimov\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline compared with vancomycin or linezolid for treatment of serious infections with methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus or vancomycin-resistant enterococci: a Phase 3, multicentre, double-blind, randomized study.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02008;62(Suppl 1):i17\'96i28.\
331. Chemaly\'a0R.F,\'a0Hanmod\'a0S.S,\'a0Jiang\'a0Y,\'a0et al.\'a0Tigecycline use in cancer patients with serious infections: a report on 110 cases from a single institution.\'a0Med.\'a02009;88(4):211\'96220.\
332. Bucaneve\'a0G,\'a0Micozzi\'a0A,\'a0Picardi\'a0M,\'a0et al.\'a0Results of a multicenter, controlled, randomized clinical trial evaluating the combination of piperacillin/tazobactam and tigecycline in high-risk hematologic patients with cancer with febrile neutropenia.\'a0Clin Oncol.\'a02014;32(14):1463\'961471.\
333. Cheng\'a0A,\'a0Chuang\'a0Y.C,\'a0Sun\'a0H.Y,\'a0et al.\'a0Excess mortality associated with Colistin-tigecycline compared with Colistin-carbapenem combination therapy for Extensively drug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii bacteremia: a multicenter prospective observational study.\'a0Crit Care Med.\'a02015;43(6):1194\'961204.\
334. Ni\'a0W,\'a0Han\'a0Y,\'a0Liu\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Tigecycline treatment for carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae infections: a systematic review and meta-analysis.\'a0Medicine (Baltimore).\'a02016;95(11):e3126.\
335. Satlin\'a0M,\'a0Kubin\'a0C,\'a0Blumenthal\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Comparative effectiveness of aminoglycosides, polymyxin B, and tigecycline for clearance of carbapenem-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae from urine.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02011;55(12):5893\'965899.\
336. Larson\'a0K.C,\'a0Belliveau\'a0P.P,\'a0Spooner\'a0L.M.\'a0Tigecycline for the treatment of severe Clostridium difficile infection.\'a0Ann Pharmacother.\'a02011;45(7\'968):1005\'961010.\
337. Kopterides\'a0P,\'a0Papageorgiou\'a0C,\'a0Antoniadou\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Failure of tigecycline to treat severe Clostridium difficile infection.\'a0Anaesthesia and Intensive Care.\'a02010;38(4):755\'96758.\
338. Navalkele\'a0B.D,\'a0Lerner\'a0S.A.\'a0Intravenous tigecycline Facilitates cure of severe Clostridium difficile infection (CDI) after failure of Standard therapy: a case report and literature review of tigecycline Use in CDI.\'a0Open Forum Infect Dis.\'a02016;3(2):ofw094.\
339. Thomas\'a0A,\'a0Khan\'a0F,\'a0Uddin\'a0N,\'a0Wallace\'a0M.R.\'a0Tigecycline for severe Clostridium difficile infection.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02014;26:171\'96172.\
340. Phillips\'a0E.C,\'a0Warren\'a0C.A,\'a0Ma\'a0J.Z,\'a0Madden\'a0G.R.\'a0Impact of tigecycline on C. difficile outcomes: case series and Propensity-Matched retrospective study.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02022;66(6):e0000122.\
341. Seyman\'a0D,\'a0Berk\'a0H,\'a0Sepin-Ozen\'a0N,\'a0et al.\'a0Successful use of tigecycline for treatment of culture-negative pyogenic vertebral osteomyelitis.\'a0Infect Dis (London, England).\'a02015;47(11):783\'96788.\
342. Griffin\'a0A.T,\'a0Harting\'a0J.A,\'a0Christensen\'a0D.M.\'a0Tigecycline in the management of osteomyelitis: a case series from the bone and joint infection (BAJIO) database.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02013;77(3):273\'96277.\
343. Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J,\'a0Dukart\'a0G,\'a0Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Griffith\'a0D.E,\'a0Scerpella\'a0E.G,\'a0Marshall\'a0B.\'a0Clinical experience in 52 patients with tigecycline-containing regimens for salvage treatment of Mycobacterium abscessus and Mycobacterium chelonae infections.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02014;69(7):1945\'961953.\
344. Someya\'a0Y,\'a0Yamaguchi\'a0A,\'a0Sawai\'a0T.\'a0A novel glycylcycline, 9-(N,N-dimethylglycylamido)-6-demethyl-6-deoxytetracycline, is neither transported nor recognized by the transposon Tn10-encoded metal-tetracycline/H+ antiporter.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(1):247\'96249.\
345. Projan\'a0S.J.\'a0Preclinical pharmacology of GAR-936, a novel glycylcycline antibacterial agent.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02000;20(9 Pt 2):219S\'96223S\'a0discussion 224S-228S.\
346. Visalli\'a0M.A,\'a0Murphy\'a0E,\'a0Projan\'a0S.J,\'a0Bradford\'a0P.A.\'a0AcrAB multidrug efflux pump is associated with reduced levels of susceptibility to tigecycline (GAR-936) in Proteus mirabilis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(2):665\'96669.\
347. Ruzin\'a0A,\'a0Keeney\'a0D,\'a0Bradford\'a0P.A.\'a0AcrAB efflux pump plays a role in decreased susceptibility to tigecycline in Morganella morganii.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(2):791\'96793.\
348. Lv L., Wan M., Wang C., et\'a0al. Emergence of a Plasmid-encoded resistance-Nodulation-Division efflux pump conferring resistance to multiple drugs, including tigecycline, in Klebsiella pneumoniae. mBio. 2020;11(2):e02930-19\
349. Dong N., Zeng Y., Wang Y., et\'a0al. Distribution and spread of the mobilised RND efflux pump gene cluster tmexCD-toprJ in clinical Gram-negative bacteria: a molecular epidemiological study. Lancet Microbe.\
IGNITE3-Phase-3-Clinical-Trial-of-Eravacycline-in-Complicated-Urinary-Tract-Infections-cUTI.html. (Accessed October 13, 2022).\
400. Sakoulas\'a0G,\'a0Eckburg\'a0P.B,\'a0Amodio-Groton\'a0M,\'a0et al.\'a0Clinical efficacy of patients with secondary bacteremia treated with omadacycline: results from phase 3 acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections and community-acquired bacterial pneumonia studies.\'a0Open Forum Infect Dis.\'a02021;8(6):ofab136.\
401. Morrisette\'a0T,\'a0Alosaimy\'a0S,\'a0Lagnf\'a0A.M,\'a0et al.\'a0Real-world, multicenter case series of patients treated with oral omadacycline for resistant gram-negative pathogens.\'a0Infect Dis Ther.\'a02022;11(4):1715\'961723.\
402. Pearson\'a0J.C,\'a0Dionne\'a0B,\'a0Richterman\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Omadacycline for the treatment of Mycobacterium abscessus disease: a case series.\'a0Open Forum Infect Dis.\'a02020;7(10):ofaa415.\
403. Duah\'a0M,\'a0Beshay\'a0M.\'a0Omadacycline in first-line combination therapy for pulmonary Mycobacterium abscessus infection: a case series.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02022;122:953\'96956.\
404. Abdallah\'a0M,\'a0Olafisoye\'a0O,\'a0Cortes\'a0C,\'a0Urban\'a0C,\'a0Landman\'a0D,\'a0Quale\'a0J.\'a0Activity of eravacycline against Enterobacteriaceae and Acinetobacter baumannii, including multidrug-resistant isolates, from New York City.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02015;59(3):1802\'961805.\
405. Nguyen\'a0F,\'a0Starosta\'a0A.L,\'a0Arenz\'a0S,\'a0Sohmen\'a0D,\'a0D\'f6nh\'f6fer\'a0A,\'a0Wilson\'a0D.N.\'a0Tetracycline antibiotics and resistance mechanisms.\'a0Biol Chem.\'a02014;395(5):559\'96575.\
406. Heidrich C.G., Mitova S., Schedlbauer A., et\'a0al. The novel aminomethylcycline omadacycline has high specificity for the primary tetracycline-binding site on the bacterial ribosome. Antibiotics (Basel). 2016;5(4):32\
407. Tzanis\'a0E,\'a0Manley\'a0A,\'a0Villano\'a0S,\'a0Tanaka\'a0S.K,\'a0Bai\'a0S,\'a0Loh\'a0E.\'a0Effect of food on the bioavailability of omadacycline in healthy participants.\'a0J Clin Pharmacol.\'a02017;57(3):321\'96327.\
408. Ehrlich\'a0J,\'a0Bartz\'a0Q.R,\'a0Smith\'a0R.M,\'a0Joslyn\'a0D.A,\'a0Burkholder\'a0P.R.\'a0Chloromycetin, a new antibiotic from a Soil Actinomycete.\'a0Science.\'a01947;106(2757):417.\
409. Rich\'a0M.L,\'a0Ritterhoff\'a0R.J,\'a0Hoffmann\'a0R.J.\'a0A fatal case of aplastic anemia following chloramphenicol (chloromycetin) therapy.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01950;33(6):1459\'961467.\
410. MacLaren\'a0G,\'a0Shann\'a0F.\'a0Chloramphenicol and thiamphenicol.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:1008\'961029.\
411. Vince\'a0R,\'a0Almquist\'a0R.G,\'a0Ritter\'a0C.L,\'a0Daluge\'a0S.\'a0Chloramphenicol binding site with analogues of chloramphenicol and puromycin.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;8(4):439\'96443.\
412. Pestka\'a0S.\'a0Inhibitors of ribosome functions.\'a0Annual Review of Microbiology.\'a01971;25:487\'96562.\
413. Green\'a0C.E,\'a0Cameron\'a0H.J,\'a0Julian\'a0G.R.\'a0Recovery of polysome function of T4-infected Escherichia coli after brief treatment with chloramphenicol and rifampin.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;7(5):549\'96554.\
414. Rahal\'a0Jr.\'a0J.J,\'a0Simberkoff\'a0M.S.\'a0Bactericidal and bacteriostatic action of chloramphenicol against meningeal pathogens.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01979;16(1):13\'9618.\
415. Manyan\'a0D.R,\'a0Arimura\'a0G.K,\'a0Yunis\'a0A.A.\'a0Chloramphenicol-induced erythroid suppression and bone marrow ferrochelatase activity in dogs.\'a0J Lab Clin Med.\'a01972;79(1):137\'96144.\
416. Kauffman\'a0R.E,\'a0Miceli\'a0J.N,\'a0Strebel\'a0L,\'a0Buckley\'a0J.A,\'a0Done\'a0A.K,\'a0Dajani\'a0A.S.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of chloramphenicol and chloramphenicol succinate in infants and children.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a01981;98(2):315\'96320.\
417. Yogev\'a0R,\'a0Kolling\'a0W.M,\'a0Williams\'a0T.\'a0Pharmacokinetic comparison of intravenous and oral chloramphenicol in patients with Haemophilus influenzae meningitis.\'a0Pediatrics.\'a01981;67(5):656\'96660.\
418. Hammett-Stabler\'a0C.A,\'a0Johns\'a0T.\'a0Laboratory guidelines for monitoring of antimicrobial drugs. National Academy of Clinical Biochemistry.\'a0Clin Chem.\'a01998;44(5):1129\'961140.\
419. Smith\'a0A.L,\'a0Weber\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacology of chloramphenicol.\'a0Pediatr Clin North Am.\'a01983;30(1):209\'96236.\
420. Slaughter\'a0R.L,\'a0Cerra\'a0F.B,\'a0Koup\'a0J.R.\'a0Effect of hemodialysis on total body clearance of chloramphenicol.\'a0Am J Hosp Pharm.\'a01980;37(8):1083\'961086.\
421. Greenberg\'a0P.A,\'a0Sanford\'a0J.P.\'a0Removal and absorption of antibiotics in patients with renal failure undergoing peritoneal dialysis. Tetracycline, chloramphenicol, kanamycin, and colistimethate.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01967;66(3):465\'96470.\'a0Page 351.e7.\
422. Koup\'a0J.R,\'a0Lau\'a0A.H,\'a0Brodsky\'a0B,\'a0Slaughter\'a0R.L.\'a0Chloramphenicol pharmacokinetics in hospitalized patients.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01979;15(5):651\'96657.\
423. DuPont\'a0H.L,\'a0Hornick\'a0R.B,\'a0Weiss\'a0C.F,\'a0Snyder\'a0M.J,\'a0Woodward\'a0T.E.\'a0Evaluation of chloramphenicol acid succinate therapy of induced typhoid fever and rocky mountain spotted fever.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01970;282(2):53\'9657.\
424. Kunin\'a0C.M,\'a0Glazko\'a0A.J,\'a0Finland\'a0M.\'a0Persistence of antibiotics in blood of patients with acute renal failure. II. Chloramphenicol and its metabolic products in the blood of patients with severe renal disease or hepatic cirrhosis.\'a0J Clin Invest.\'a01959;38:1498\'961508.\
425. Shah\'a0P.N,\'a0D\'92Souza\'a0J,\'a0Dattani\'a0K.K.\'a0Absorption of chloramphenicol by various routes of administration.\'a0J Med Res.\'a01977;65(4):549\'96553.\
426. Gerding\'a0D.N,\'a0Hall\'a0W.H,\'a0Schierl\'a0E.A.\'a0Antibiotic concentrations in ascitic fluid of patients with ascites and bacterial peritonitis.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01977;86(6):708\'96713.\
427. Rapp\'a0G.F,\'a0Griffith\'a0R.S,\'a0Hebble\'a0W.M.\'a0The permeability of traumatically inflamed synovial membrane to commonly used antibiotics.\'a0J Bone Joint Surg Am.\'a01966;48(8):1534\'961540.\
428. Balbi\'a0H.J.\'a0Chloramphenicol: a review.\'a0Pediatr Rev.\'a02004;25(8):284\'96288.\
IGNITE3-Phase-3-Clinical-Trial-of-Eravacycline-in-Complicated-Urinary-Tract-Infections-cUTI.html. (Accessed October 13, 2022).\
400. Sakoulas\'a0G,\'a0Eckburg\'a0P.B,\'a0Amodio-Groton\'a0M,\'a0et al.\'a0Clinical efficacy of patients with secondary bacteremia treated with omadacycline: results from phase 3 acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections and community-acquired bacterial pneumonia studies.\'a0Open Forum Infect Dis.\'a02021;8(6):ofab136.\
401. Morrisette\'a0T,\'a0Alosaimy\'a0S,\'a0Lagnf\'a0A.M,\'a0et al.\'a0Real-world, multicenter case series of patients treated with oral omadacycline for resistant gram-negative pathogens.\'a0Infect Dis Ther.\'a02022;11(4):1715\'961723.\
402. Pearson\'a0J.C,\'a0Dionne\'a0B,\'a0Richterman\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Omadacycline for the treatment of Mycobacterium abscessus disease: a case series.\'a0Open Forum Infect Dis.\'a02020;7(10):ofaa415.\
403. Duah\'a0M,\'a0Beshay\'a0M.\'a0Omadacycline in first-line combination therapy for pulmonary Mycobacterium abscessus infection: a case series.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02022;122:953\'96956.\
404. Abdallah\'a0M,\'a0Olafisoye\'a0O,\'a0Cortes\'a0C,\'a0Urban\'a0C,\'a0Landman\'a0D,\'a0Quale\'a0J.\'a0Activity of eravacycline against Enterobacteriaceae and Acinetobacter baumannii, including multidrug-resistant isolates, from New York City.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02015;59(3):1802\'961805.\
405. Nguyen\'a0F,\'a0Starosta\'a0A.L,\'a0Arenz\'a0S,\'a0Sohmen\'a0D,\'a0D\'f6nh\'f6fer\'a0A,\'a0Wilson\'a0D.N.\'a0Tetracycline antibiotics and resistance mechanisms.\'a0Biol Chem.\'a02014;395(5):559\'96575.\
406. Heidrich C.G., Mitova S., Schedlbauer A., et\'a0al. The novel aminomethylcycline omadacycline has high specificity for the primary tetracycline-binding site on the bacterial ribosome. Antibiotics (Basel). 2016;5(4):32\
407. Tzanis\'a0E,\'a0Manley\'a0A,\'a0Villano\'a0S,\'a0Tanaka\'a0S.K,\'a0Bai\'a0S,\'a0Loh\'a0E.\'a0Effect of food on the bioavailability of omadacycline in healthy participants.\'a0J Clin Pharmacol.\'a02017;57(3):321\'96327.\
408. Ehrlich\'a0J,\'a0Bartz\'a0Q.R,\'a0Smith\'a0R.M,\'a0Joslyn\'a0D.A,\'a0Burkholder\'a0P.R.\'a0Chloromycetin, a new antibiotic from a Soil Actinomycete.\'a0Science.\'a01947;106(2757):417.\
409. Rich\'a0M.L,\'a0Ritterhoff\'a0R.J,\'a0Hoffmann\'a0R.J.\'a0A fatal case of aplastic anemia following chloramphenicol (chloromycetin) therapy.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01950;33(6):1459\'961467.\
410. MacLaren\'a0G,\'a0Shann\'a0F.\'a0Chloramphenicol and thiamphenicol.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:1008\'961029.\
411. Vince\'a0R,\'a0Almquist\'a0R.G,\'a0Ritter\'a0C.L,\'a0Daluge\'a0S.\'a0Chloramphenicol binding site with analogues of chloramphenicol and puromycin.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;8(4):439\'96443.\
412. Pestka\'a0S.\'a0Inhibitors of ribosome functions.\'a0Annual Review of Microbiology.\'a01971;25:487\'96562.\
413. Green\'a0C.E,\'a0Cameron\'a0H.J,\'a0Julian\'a0G.R.\'a0Recovery of polysome function of T4-infected Escherichia coli after brief treatment with chloramphenicol and rifampin.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;7(5):549\'96554.\
414. Rahal\'a0Jr.\'a0J.J,\'a0Simberkoff\'a0M.S.\'a0Bactericidal and bacteriostatic action of chloramphenicol against meningeal pathogens.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01979;16(1):13\'9618.\
415. Manyan\'a0D.R,\'a0Arimura\'a0G.K,\'a0Yunis\'a0A.A.\'a0Chloramphenicol-induced erythroid suppression and bone marrow ferrochelatase activity in dogs.\'a0J Lab Clin Med.\'a01972;79(1):137\'96144.\
416. Kauffman\'a0R.E,\'a0Miceli\'a0J.N,\'a0Strebel\'a0L,\'a0Buckley\'a0J.A,\'a0Done\'a0A.K,\'a0Dajani\'a0A.S.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of chloramphenicol and chloramphenicol succinate in infants and children.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a01981;98(2):315\'96320.\
417. Yogev\'a0R,\'a0Kolling\'a0W.M,\'a0Williams\'a0T.\'a0Pharmacokinetic comparison of intravenous and oral chloramphenicol in patients with Haemophilus influenzae meningitis.\'a0Pediatrics.\'a01981;67(5):656\'96660.\
418. Hammett-Stabler\'a0C.A,\'a0Johns\'a0T.\'a0Laboratory guidelines for monitoring of antimicrobial drugs. National Academy of Clinical Biochemistry.\'a0Clin Chem.\'a01998;44(5):1129\'961140.\
419. Smith\'a0A.L,\'a0Weber\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacology of chloramphenicol.\'a0Pediatr Clin North Am.\'a01983;30(1):209\'96236.\
420. Slaughter\'a0R.L,\'a0Cerra\'a0F.B,\'a0Koup\'a0J.R.\'a0Effect of hemodialysis on total body clearance of chloramphenicol.\'a0Am J Hosp Pharm.\'a01980;37(8):1083\'961086.\
421. Greenberg\'a0P.A,\'a0Sanford\'a0J.P.\'a0Removal and absorption of antibiotics in patients with renal failure undergoing peritoneal dialysis. Tetracycline, chloramphenicol, kanamycin, and colistimethate.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01967;66(3):465\'96470.\'a0Page 351.e7.\
422. Koup\'a0J.R,\'a0Lau\'a0A.H,\'a0Brodsky\'a0B,\'a0Slaughter\'a0R.L.\'a0Chloramphenicol pharmacokinetics in hospitalized patients.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01979;15(5):651\'96657.\
423. DuPont\'a0H.L,\'a0Hornick\'a0R.B,\'a0Weiss\'a0C.F,\'a0Snyder\'a0M.J,\'a0Woodward\'a0T.E.\'a0Evaluation of chloramphenicol acid succinate therapy of induced typhoid fever and rocky mountain spotted fever.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01970;282(2):53\'9657.\
424. Kunin\'a0C.M,\'a0Glazko\'a0A.J,\'a0Finland\'a0M.\'a0Persistence of antibiotics in blood of patients with acute renal failure. II. Chloramphenicol and its metabolic products in the blood of patients with severe renal disease or hepatic cirrhosis.\'a0J Clin Invest.\'a01959;38:1498\'961508.\
425. Shah\'a0P.N,\'a0D\'92Souza\'a0J,\'a0Dattani\'a0K.K.\'a0Absorption of chloramphenicol by various routes of administration.\'a0J Med Res.\'a01977;65(4):549\'96553.\
426. Gerding\'a0D.N,\'a0Hall\'a0W.H,\'a0Schierl\'a0E.A.\'a0Antibiotic concentrations in ascitic fluid of patients with ascites and bacterial peritonitis.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01977;86(6):708\'96713.\
427. Rapp\'a0G.F,\'a0Griffith\'a0R.S,\'a0Hebble\'a0W.M.\'a0The permeability of traumatically inflamed synovial membrane to commonly used antibiotics.\'a0J Bone Joint Surg Am.\'a01966;48(8):1534\'961540.\
428. Balbi\'a0H.J.\'a0Chloramphenicol: a review.\'a0Pediatr Rev.\'a02004;25(8):284\'96288.\
Page 351.e1\
References\
1. Duggar\'a0B.M.\'a0Aureomycin: a product of the continuing search for new antibiotics.\'a0Ann NY Acad Sci.\'a01948;51(2):177\'96181.\
2. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Tetracycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:843\'96850.\
3. Sabundayo\'a0B.P,\'a0Standiford\'a0H.C.\'a0Tetracyclines and analogues.\'a0In:\'a0Yu\'a0V.L,\'a0Edwards\'a0G,\'a0McKinnon\'a0P.S,\'a0Peolquin\'a0C,\'a0Morse\'a0G.D,\'a0eds.\'a0Antimicrobial Therapy and Vaccines, 2nd Edition. Vol II: Antimicrobial Agents.\'a02nd ed.\'a0Pittsburgh, PA:\'a0ESun Technologies LLC;\'a02005:461\'96476.\
4. Levy\'a0S.B,\'a0FitzGerald\'a0G.B,\'a0Macone\'a0A.B.\'a0Changes in intestinal flora of farm personnel after introduction of a tetracycline-supplemented feed on a farm.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01976;295(11):583\'96588.\
5. DuPont\'a0H,\'a0Steele\'a0J.H.\'a0Use of antimicrobial agents in animal feeds: implications for human health.\'a0Rev of Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(3):447\'96460.\
6. Thaker\'a0M,\'a0Spanogiannopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0The tetracycline resistome.\'a0Cell Mol Life Sci.\'a02010;67(3):419\'96431.\
7. Perks\'a0W.H,\'a0Walters\'a0E.H,\'a0Tams\'a0I.P,\'a0Prowse\'a0K.\'a0Demeclocycline in the treatment of the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone.\'a0Thorax.\'a01979;34(3):324\'96327.\
8. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Roberts\'a0M.\'a0Tetracycline antibiotics: mode of action, applications, molecular biology, and epidemiology of bacterial resistance.\'a0MMBR.\'a02001;65(2):232\'96260.\
9. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hacker\'a0K.\'a0Inhibition of K88-mediated adhesion of Escherichia coli to mammalian receptors by antibiotics that affect bacterial protein synthesis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01986;18(4):441\'96451.\
10. Eisen\'a0D.\'a0Doxycycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:851\'96869.\
11. Dahl\'a0E.L,\'a0Shock\'a0J.L,\'a0Shenai\'a0B.R,\'a0Gut\'a0J,\'a0DeRisi\'a0J.L,\'a0Rosenthal\'a0P.J.\'a0Tetracyclines specifically target the apicoplast of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(9):3124\'963131.\
12. Ribush\'a0N,\'a0Morgan\'a0T.\'a0Tetracyclines and renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01972;1(2):53\'9655.\
13. Kunin\'a0C.M.\'a0A guide to use of antibiotics in patients with renal disease. A table of recommended doses and factors governing serum levels.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01967;67(1):151\'96158.\
14. Heaney\'a0D,\'a0Eknoyan\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline and doxycycline kinetics in chronic renal failure.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01978;24(2):233\'96239.\
15. Whelton\'a0A,\'a0Schach von Wittenau\'a0M,\'a0Twomey\'a0T.M,\'a0Walker\'a0W.G,\'a0Bianchine\'a0J.R.\'a0Doxycycline pharmacokinetics in the absence of renal function.\'a0Kidney Int.\'a01974;5(5):365\'96371.\
16. Thiim\'a0M,\'a0Friedman\'a0L.S.\'a0Hepatotoxicity of antibiotics and antifungals.\'a0Clinics in Liver Disease.\'a02003;7(2):381\'96399\'a0vi-vii.\
17. Horrevorts\'a0A,\'a0Pluim\'a0M.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:870\'96880.\
18. Carney\'a0S,\'a0Butcher\'a0R.A,\'a0Dawborn\'a0J.K,\'a0Pattison\'a0G.\'a0Minocycline excretion and distribution in relation to renal function in man.\'a0Clin Exp Pharmacol.\'a01974;1(4):299\'96308.\
19. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Shaw\'a0W.R,\'a0Uman\'a0S.J,\'a0Tse\'a0F.L,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of minocycline in renal failure.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;8(5):532\'96537.\
20. Bernard\'a0B,\'a0Yin\'a0E.J,\'a0Simon\'a0H.J.\'a0Clinical pharmacologic studies with minocycline.\'a0The J Clin Pharmacol.\'a01971;11(5):332\'96348.\
21. George\'a0C.R,\'a0Guinness\'a0M.D,\'a0Lark\'a0D.J,\'a0Evans\'a0R.A.\'a0Minocycline toxicity in renal failure.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01973;1(13):640\'96641.\
22. Jonas\'a0M,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Minocycline.\'a0Ther Drug Monit.\'a01982;4(2):137\'96145.\
23. Wood\'a0M.J,\'a0Farrell\'a0W,\'a0Kattan\'a0S,\'a0Williams\'a0J.D.\'a0Activity of minocycline and tetracycline against respiratory pathogens related to blood levels.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01975;1(3):323\'96331.\
24. Sklenar\'a0I,\'a0Spring\'a0P,\'a0Dettli\'a0L.\'a0One-dose and multiple-dose kinetics of minocycline in patients with renal disease.\'a0Agents and Actions.\'a01977;7(3):369\'96377.\
25. Smith\'a0C,\'a0Woods\'a0C.G,\'a0Woods\'a0M.J.\'a0Absorption of minocycline.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01984;13(1):93.\
26. Welling\'a0P.G,\'a0Koch\'a0P.A,\'a0Lau\'a0C.C,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Bioavailability of tetracycline and doxycycline in fasted and nonfasted subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(3):462\'96469.\
27. Neuvonen\'a0P.J.\'a0Interactions with the absorption of tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a01976;11(1):45\'9654.\
28. Agwuh\'a0K.N,\'a0MacGowan\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of the tetracyclines including glycylcyclines.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(2):256\'96265.\
29. Fabre\'a0J,\'a0Milek\'a0E,\'a0Kalfopoulos\'a0P,\'a0Merier\'a0G.\'a0[Kinetics of tetracyclines in human. II. Excretion, penetration into normal and inflammed tissues, behavior in a case of renal insufficiency and in hemodialysis].\'a0Schweiz Med Wochenschr.\'a01971;101(18):625\'96633.\
30. Macdonald\'a0H,\'a0Kelly\'a0R.G,\'a0Allen\'a0E.S,\'a0Noble\'a0J.F,\'a0Kanegis\'a0L.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetic studies on minocycline in man.\'a0Clin Pharmacol Ther.\'a01973;14(5):852\'96861.\
31. Lundberg\'a0C,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentration of penicillin V and tetracycline in maxillary sinus secretion after repeated doses.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(2):123\'96133.\
32. Ruhen\'a0R.W,\'a0Tandon\'a0M.K.\'a0Comparative effectiveness of tetracycline, minocycline and doxycycline in treatment of acute-on-chronic bronchitis. A study based on sputum levels.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01976;1(6):151\'96153.\
33. Chow\'a0A.W,\'a0Jewesson\'a0P.J.\'a0Pharmacokinetics and safety of antimicrobial agents during pregnancy.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01985;7(3):287\'96313.\
34. Alestig\'a0K.\'a0Studies on doxycycline during intravenous and oral treatment with reference to renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01973;5(3):193\'96198.\
35. Andersson\'a0K.E,\'a0Mardh\'a0P.A,\'a0Akerlund\'a0M.\'a0Passage of doxycycline into extracellular fluid.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):7\'9611.\
36. Eliasson\'a0R,\'a0Malmborg\'a0A.S.\'a0Concentrations of doxycycline in human seminal plasma.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):32\'9636.\
37. Lode\'a0H.\'a0Penetration of antibiotics into the pleural fluid.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01979;5(2):122\'96124.\
38. Schreiner\'a0A,\'a0Digranes\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of lymecycline and doxycycline in serum and suction blister fluid.\'a0Chemotherapy.\'a01985;31(4):261\'96265.\
39. Marlin\'a0G.E,\'a0Cheng\'a0S,\'a0Thompson\'a0P.J.\'a0Sputum and plasma doxycycline concentrations after a single oral 600 mg doxycycline dose in patients with chronic bronchitis.\'a0Eur J Respir Dis.\'a01981;62(4):276\'96280.\
40. Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0The detection of doxycycline activity in human bone.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):47\'9653.\
41. Gnarpe\'a0H,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Hagg\'a0O.\'a0Doxycycline concentration levels in bone, soft tissue and serum after intravenous infusion of doxycycline. A clinical study.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):54\'9657.\
42. Bystedt\'a0H,\'a0A\'a0D.A,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E.\'a0Concentrations of azidocillin, erythromycin, doxycycline and clindamycin in human mandibular bone.\'a0Int J Oral Surg.\'a01978;7(5):442\'96449.\
43. Dotevall\'a0L,\'a0Hagberg\'a0L.\'a0Penetration of doxycycline into cerebrospinal fluid in patients treated for suspected Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(7):1078\'961080.\
44. Yim\'a0C.W,\'a0Flynn\'a0N.M,\'a0Fitzgerald\'a0F.T.\'a0Penetration of oral doxycycline into the cerebrospinal fluid of patients with latent or neurosyphilis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01985;28(2):347\'96348.\
45. Nikaido\'a0H,\'a0Thanassi\'a0D.G.\'a0Penetration of lipophilic agents with multiple protonation sites into bacterial cells: tetracyclines and fluoroquinolones as examples.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01993;37(7):1393\'961399.\
46. Bergogne-Berezin\'a0E,\'a0Lambert-Zechovsky\'a0N,\'a0Morel\'a0C.\'a0[Pharmacokinetics of antibiotics in bronchial secretions. 250 cases].\'a0La Nouvelle Presse Medicale.\'a01977;6(38):3548.\
47. Hensle\'a0T.W,\'a0Prout\'a0GR.\'a0J.r,\'a0Griffin\'a0P.\'a0Minocycline diffusion into benign prostatic hyperplasia.\'a0The Journal of Urology.\'a01977;118(4):609\'96611.\
48. Hoeprich\'a0P.D,\'a0Warshauer\'a0D.M.\'a0Entry of four tetracyclines into saliva and tears.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01974;5(3):330\'96336.\
49. Steigbigel\'a0N.H,\'a0Reed\'a0C.W,\'a0Finland\'a0M.\'a0Absorption and excretion of five tetracycline analogues in normal young men.\'a0The American Journal of the Medical Sciences.\'a01968;255:296\'96312.\
50. Mahon\'a0W.A,\'a0Johnson\'a0G.E,\'a0Endrenyl\'a0L,\'a0Kelly\'a0M.F,\'a0Fenton\'a0S.S.\'a0The elimination of tritiated doxycycline in normal subjects and in patients with severely impaired renal function.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis Suppl.\'a01976(9):24\'9631.\
51. Saivin\'a0S,\'a0Houin\'a0G.\'a0Clinical pharmacokinetics of doxycycline and minocycline.\'a0Clin Pharmacokinet.\'a01988;15(6):355\'96366.\
52. CLSI, .\'a0Performance Standards for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing; Thirty-Second Informational Supplement.\'a0Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute;\'a02022.\
53. Diekema\'a0D.J,\'a0Pfaller\'a0M.A,\'a0Schmitz\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Survey of infections due to Staphylococcus species: frequency of occurrence and antimicrobial susceptibility of isolates collected in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, and the Western Pacific Region for the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997\'961999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):114\'96132.\
54. Holmes\'a0R.L,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0J.H.\'a0Inhibitory activities of 11 antimicrobial agents and bactericidal activities of vancomycin and daptomycin against invasive methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates obtained from 1999 through 2006.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(2):757\'96760.\
55. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Palatnick\'a0L,\'a0Nichol\'a0K.A,\'a0Bellyou\'a0T,\'a0Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance in respiratory tract Streptococcus pneumoniae isolates: results of the Canadian Respiratory Organism Susceptibility Study, 1997 to 2002.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(6):1867\'961874.\
56. Koeth\'a0L.M,\'a0Felmingham\'a0D,\'a0Jacobs\'a0M.R,\'a0Rossi\'a0F.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance of Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae in Sao Paulo, Brazil from 1996 to 2000.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):356\'96361.\
57. Jones\'a0R.N,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R.\'a0Doxycycline use for community-acquired pneumonia: contemporary in\'a0vitro spectrum of activity against Streptococcus pneumoniae (1999-2002).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02004;49(2):147\'96149.\
58. Wimmerstedt\'a0A,\'a0Kahlmeter\'a0G.\'a0Associated antimicrobial resistance in Escherichia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus pyogenes.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02008;14(4):315\'96321.\
59. Persson\'a0E,\'a0Berg\'a0S,\'a0Bergseng\'a0H,\'a0Bergh\'a0K,\'a0Valso-Lyng\'a0R,\'a0Trollfors\'a0B.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of invasive group B streptococcal isolates from south-west Sweden 1988-2001.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02008;40(4):308\'96313.\
60. Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Keller\'a0N,\'a0Barth\'a0A,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Clinical prevalence, antimicrobial susceptibility, and geographic resistance patterns of enterococci: results from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 1997-1999.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;32(Suppl 2):S133\'96S145.\
61. Holmberg\'a0K,\'a0Nord\'a0C.E,\'a0Dornbusch\'a0K.\'a0Antimicrobial in\'a0vitro susceptibility of Actinomyces israelii and Arachnia propionica.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01977;9(1):40\'9645.\
62. Vitas\'a0A.I,\'a0Sanchez\'a0R.M,\'a0Aguado\'a0V,\'a0Garcia-Jalon\'a0I.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of Listeria monocytogenes isolated from food and clinical cases in Navarra, Spain.\'a0J Food Prot.\'a02007;70(10):2402\'962406.\
63. Mohammed\'a0M.J,\'a0Marston\'a0C.K,\'a0Popovic\'a0T,\'a0Weyant\'a0R.S,\'a0Tenover\'a0F.C.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility testing of Bacillus anthracis: comparison of results obtained by using the National Committee for Clinical Laboratory Standards broth microdilution reference and Etest agar gradient diffusion methods.\'a0J Clin Microbiol.\'a02002;40(6):1902\'961907.\
64. Frean\'a0J,\'a0Klugman\'a0K.P,\'a0Arntzen\'a0L,\'a0Bukofzer\'a0S.\'a0Susceptibility of Bacillus anthracis to eleven antimicrobial agents including novel fluoroquinolones and a ketolide.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(2):297\'96299.\
65. Hernandez\'a0E,\'a0Girardet\'a0M,\'a0Ramisse\'a0F,\'a0Vidal\'a0D,\'a0Cavallo\'a0J.D.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibilities of 94 isolates of Yersinia pestis to 24 antimicrobial agents.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(6):1029\'961031.\
66. Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Vinh\'a0D.X,\'a0Nguyen\'a0T.T,\'a0Wain\'a0J,\'a0Thung\'a0D,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibilities of strains of Yersinia pestis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(9):2153\'962154.\
67. Schonberg-Norio\'a0D,\'a0Hanninen\'a0M.L,\'a0Katila\'a0M.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Activities of telithromycin, erythromycin, fluoroquinolones, and doxycycline against Campylobacter strains isolated from Finnish subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(3):1086\'961088.\
68. Morris\'a0Jr.\'a0J.G.\'a0Black RE. Cholera and other vibrioses in the United States.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01985;312(6):343\'96350.\
69. Ottaviani\'a0D,\'a0Bacchiocchi\'a0I,\'a0Masini\'a0L,\'a0et al.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of potentially pathogenic halophilic vibrios isolated from seafood.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;18(2):135\'96140.\
70. Midani\'a0S,\'a0Rathore\'a0M.H.\'a0Vibrio species infection of a catfish spine puncture wound.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01994;13(4):333\'96334.\
71. Fernandez-Cuenca\'a0F,\'a0Tomas-Carmona\'a0M,\'a0Caballero-Moyano\'a0F,\'a0et al.\'a0[In vitro activity of 18 antimicrobial agents against clinical isolates of Acinetobacter spp.: multicenter national study GEIH-REIPI-Ab 2010.].\'a0Enferm Infecc Microbiol Clin.\'a02012.\
72. Jenney\'a0A.W,\'a0Lum\'a0G,\'a0Fisher\'a0D.A,\'a0Currie\'a0B.J.\'a0Antibiotic susceptibility of Burkholderia pseudomallei from tropical northern Australia and implications for therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;17(2):109\'96113.\
73. Nicodemo\'a0A.C,\'a0Araujo\'a0M.R,\'a0Ruiz\'a0A.S,\'a0Gales\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia isolates: comparison of disc diffusion, Etest and agar dilution methods.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02004;53(4):604\'96608.\
74. Janda\'a0J.M,\'a0Guthertz\'a0L.S,\'a0Kokka\'a0R.P,\'a0Shimada\'a0T.\'a0Aeromonas species in septicemia: laboratory characteristics and clinical observations.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01994;19(1):77\'9683.\
75. Flamm\'a0R.K,\'a0Castanheira\'a0M,\'a0Streit\'a0J.M,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Minocycline activity tested against Acinetobacter baumannii complex, Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, and Burkholderia cepacia species complex isolates from a global surveillance program (2013).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02016;85(3):352\'96355.\
76. Li\'a0X.Z,\'a0Livermore\'a0D.M,\'a0Nikaido\'a0H.\'a0Role of efflux pump(s) in intrinsic resistance of Pseudomonas aeruginosa: resistance to tetracycline, chloramphenicol, and norfloxacin.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(8):1732\'961741.\'a0Page 351.e2.\
77. Schaumann\'a0R,\'a0Ackermann\'a0G,\'a0Pless\'a0B,\'a0Claros\'a0M.C,\'a0Goldstein\'a0E.J,\'a0Rodloff\'a0A.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of fourteen antimicrobial agents against obligately anaerobic bacteria.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(3):225\'96232.\
78. Baykam\'a0N,\'a0Esener\'a0H,\'a0Ergonul\'a0O,\'a0Eren\'a0S,\'a0Celikbas\'a0A.K,\'a0Dokuzoguz\'a0B.\'a0In\'a0vitro antimicrobial susceptibility of Brucella species.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;23(4):405\'96407.\
79. Dorbecker\'a0C,\'a0Sander\'a0A,\'a0Oberle\'a0K,\'a0Schulin-Casonato\'a0T.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of Bartonella species to 17 antimicrobial compounds: comparison of Etest and agar dilution.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(4):784\'96788.\
80. Bebear\'a0C,\'a0Pereyre\'a0S,\'a0Peuchant\'a0O.\'a0Mycoplasma pneumoniae: susceptibility and resistance to antibiotics.\'a0Future Microbiology.\'a02011;6(4):423\'96431.\
81. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Bryskier\'a0A,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0Comparative activities of telithromycin (HMR 3647), levofloxacin, and other antimicrobial agents against human mycoplasmas.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(7):1980\'961982.\
82. Bebear\'a0C.M,\'a0Renaudin\'a0H,\'a0Charron\'a0A,\'a0Gruson\'a0D,\'a0Lefrancois\'a0M,\'a0Bebear\'a0C.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of trovafloxacin compared to those of five antimicrobials against mycoplasmas including Mycoplasma hominis and Ureaplasma urealyticum fluoroquinolone-resistant isolates that have been genetically characterized.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(9):2557\'962560.\
83. Schulin\'a0T,\'a0Wennersten\'a0C.B,\'a0Ferraro\'a0M.J,\'a0Moellering\'a0Jr.\'a0R.C,\'a0Eliopoulos\'a0G.M.\'a0Susceptibilities of Legionella spp. to newer antimicrobials in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01998;42(6):1520\'961523.\
84. Critchley\'a0I.A,\'a0Jones\'a0M.E,\'a0Heinze\'a0P.D,\'a0et al.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of levofloxacin against contemporary clinical isolates of Legionella pneumophila, Mycoplasma pneumoniae and Chlamydia pneumoniae from North America and Europe.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02002;8(4):214\'96221.\
85. Roblin\'a0P.M,\'a0Hammerschlag\'a0M.R.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of GAR-936 against Chlamydia pneumoniae and Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(1):61\'9663.\
86. Butaye\'a0P,\'a0Ducatelle\'a0R,\'a0De Backer\'a0P,\'a0Vermeersch\'a0H,\'a0Remon\'a0J.P,\'a0Haesebrouck\'a0F.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of doxycycline and enrofloxacin against European Chlamydia psittaci strains from turkeys.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01997;41(12):2800\'962801.\
87. Samra\'a0Z,\'a0Rosenberg\'a0S,\'a0Soffer\'a0Y,\'a0Dan\'a0M.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility of recent clinical isolates of Chlamydia trachomatis to macrolides and tetracyclines.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02001;39(3):177\'96179.\
88. Wormser\'a0G.P,\'a0Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Dattwyler\'a0R.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Practice guidelines for the treatment of Lyme disease. The infectious diseases society of America.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02000;31(Suppl 1):1\'9614.\
89. Ates\'a0L,\'a0Hanssen-Hubner\'a0C,\'a0Norris\'a0D.E,\'a0Richter\'a0D,\'a0Kraiczy\'a0P,\'a0Hunfeld\'a0K.P.\'a0Comparison of in\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline, doxycycline, and tetracycline against the spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi.\'a0Ticks Tick Borne Dis.\'a02010;1(1):30\'9634.\
90. Murray\'a0C.K,\'a0Ellis\'a0M.W,\'a0Hospenthal\'a0D.R.\'a0Susceptibility of Leptospira serovars to antimalarial agents.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02004;71(5):685\'96686.\
91. Norris\'a0S.J,\'a0Edmondson\'a0D.G.\'a0In\'a0vitro culture system to determine MICs and MBCs of antimicrobial agents against Treponema pallidum subsp. pallidum (Nichols strain).\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01988;32(1):68\'9674.\
92. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Roussellier\'a0P,\'a0Vestris\'a0G,\'a0Tamalet\'a0J.\'a0In\'a0vitro antibiotic susceptibility of Rickettsia rickettsii and Rickettsia conorii: plaque assay and microplaque colorimetric assay.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01987;155(5):1059\'961062.\
93. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Drancourt\'a0M.\'a0Antimicrobial therapy of rickettsial diseases.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01991;35(12):2457\'962462.\
94. Branger\'a0S,\'a0Rolain\'a0J.M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Evaluation of antibiotic susceptibilities of Ehrlichia canis, Ehrlichia chaffeensis, and Anaplasma phagocytophilum by real-time PCR.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02004;48(12):4822\'964828.\
95. Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J.\'a0Clinical and taxonomic status of pathogenic nonpigmented or late-pigmenting rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a02002;15(4):716\'96746.\
96. Uslan\'a0D.Z,\'a0Kowalski\'a0T.J,\'a0Wengenack\'a0N.L,\'a0Virk\'a0A,\'a0Wilson\'a0J.W.\'a0Skin and soft tissue infections due to rapidly growing mycobacteria: comparison of clinical features, treatment, and susceptibility.\'a0Archives of Dermatology.\'a02006;142(10):1287\'961292.\
97. Wallace\'a0R.J,\'a0Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Crist\'a0C.J,\'a0Mann\'a0L,\'a0Wilson\'a0R.W.\'a0Comparison of the in\'a0vitro activity of the glycylcycline tigecycline (Formerly GAR-936) with those of tetracycline, minocycline, and doxycycline against isolates of nontuberculous mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02002;46(10):3164\'963167.\
98. Rhomberg\'a0P.R,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of 11 antimicrobial agents, including gatifloxacin and GAR936, tested against clinical isolates of Mycobacterium marinum.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02002;42(2):145\'96147.\
99. da Silva Telles\'a0M.A,\'a0Chimara\'a0E,\'a0Ferrazoli\'a0L,\'a0Riley\'a0L.W.\'a0Mycobacterium kansasii: antibiotic susceptibility and PCR-restriction analysis of clinical isolates.\'a0J Med Microbiol.\'a02005;54(Pt 10):975\'96979.\
100. Balabanova\'a0Y,\'a0Ruddy\'a0M,\'a0Hubb\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in Russia: clinical characteristics, analysis of second-line drug resistance and development of standardized therapy.\'a0Eur J Clin Microbiol.\'a02005;24(2):136\'96139.\
101. Walker\'a0N.F,\'a0Clark\'a0S.O,\'a0Oni\'a0T,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline and HIV infection suppress tuberculosis-induced matrix metalloproteinases.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02012;185(9):989\'96997.\
102. Brown\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J,\'a0Onyi\'a0G.\'a0Activities of the glycylcyclines N,N-dimethylglycylamido-minocycline and N,N-dimethylglycylamido-6-demethyl-6-deoxytetracycline against Nocardia spp. and tetracycline-resistant isolates of rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01996;40(4):874\'96878.\
103. Cercenado\'a0E,\'a0Marin\'a0M,\'a0Sanchez-Martinez\'a0M,\'a0Cuevas\'a0O,\'a0Martinez-Alarcon\'a0J,\'a0Bouza\'a0E.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline and eight other antimicrobials against different Nocardia species identified by molecular methods.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02007;51(3):1102\'961104.\
104. Chang\'a0H.R,\'a0Comte\'a0R,\'a0Pechere\'a0J.C.\'a0In\'a0vitro and in\'a0vivo effects of doxycycline on Toxoplasma gondii.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01990;34(5):775\'96780.\
105. Edlind\'a0T.D.\'a0Tetracyclines as antiparasitic agents: lipophilic derivatives are highly active against Giardia lamblia in\'a0vitro.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(12):2144\'962145.\
106. Chopra\'a0I,\'a0Hawkey\'a0P.M,\'a0Hinton\'a0M.\'a0Tetracyclines, molecular and clinical aspects.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01992;29(3):245\'96277.\
107. Metlay\'a0J.P,\'a0Waterer\'a0G.W,\'a0Long\'a0A.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Diagnosis and treatment of adults with community-acquired pneumonia. An official clinical practice guideline of the American Thoracic Society and Infectious Diseases Society of America.\'a0Am J Respir Crit Care Med.\'a02019;200(7):e45\'96e67.\
108. Choi\'a0S.H,\'a0Cesar\'a0A,\'a0Snow\'a0T.A.C,\'a0Saleem\'a0N,\'a0Arulkumaran\'a0N,\'a0Singer\'a0M.\'a0Efficacy of doxycycline for mild-to-moderate community-acquired pneumonia in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02022.\
109. Klein\'a0N.C,\'a0Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Treatment of legionnaires\'92 disease.\'a0Semin Respir Infect.\'a01998;13(2):140\'96146.\
110. Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0The atypical pneumonias: clinical diagnosis and importance.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02006;12(Suppl 3):12\'9624.\
111. Shames\'a0J.M,\'a0George\'a0R.B,\'a0Holliday\'a0W.B,\'a0Rasch\'a0J.R,\'a0Mogabgab\'a0W.J.\'a0Comparison of antibiotics in the treatment of mycoplasmal pneumonia.\'a0Arch Intern Med.\'a01970;125(4):680\'96684.\
112. Jawetz\'a0E.\'a0Chemotherapy of chlamydial infections.\'a0Adv Pharmacol Chemother.\'a01969;7:253\'96282.\
113. Yung\'a0A.P,\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L.\'a0Psittacosis--a review of 135 cases.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01988;148(5):228\'96233.\
114. Khatib\'a0R,\'a0Thirumoorthi\'a0M.C,\'a0Kelly\'a0B,\'a0Grady\'a0K.J.\'a0Severe psittacosis during pregnancy and suppression of antibody response with early therapy.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a01995;27(5):519\'96521.\
115. Lindenbaum\'a0J,\'a0Greenough\'a0W.B,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Antibiotic therapy of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01967;36(6):871\'96883.\
116. McCormack\'a0W.M,\'a0Chowdhury\'a0A.M,\'a0Jahangir\'a0N,\'a0Ahmed\'a0A.B,\'a0Mosley\'a0W.H.\'a0Tetracycline prophylaxis in families of cholera patients.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01968;38(5):787\'96792.\
117. Islam\'a0M.R.\'a0Single dose tetracycline in cholera.\'a0Gut.\'a01987;28(8):1029\'961032.\
118. Rabbani\'a0G.H,\'a0Islam\'a0M.R,\'a0Butler\'a0T,\'a0Shahrier\'a0M,\'a0Alam\'a0K.\'a0Single-dose treatment of cholera with furazolidone or tetracycline in a double-blind randomized trial.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(9):1447\'961450.\
119. De\'a0S,\'a0Chaudhuri\'a0A,\'a0Dutta\'a0P,\'a0Dutta\'a0D,\'a0De\'a0S.P,\'a0Pal\'a0S.C.\'a0Doxycycline in the treatment of cholera.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01976;54(2):177\'96179.\
120. Yamamoto\'a0T,\'a0Nair\'a0G.B,\'a0Albert\'a0M.J,\'a0Parodi\'a0C.C,\'a0Takeda\'a0Y.\'a0Survey of in\'a0vitro susceptibilities of Vibrio cholerae O1 and O139 to antimicrobial agents.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(1):241\'96244.\
121. Gisbert\'a0J.P,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Gomollon\'a0F,\'a0Sainz\'a0R.\'a0[Treatment for the eradication of Helicobacter pylori. Recommendations of the Spanish consensus conference].\'a0Medicina Clinica.\'a02000;114(5):185\'96195.\
122. Gene\'a0E,\'a0Calvet\'a0X,\'a0Azagra\'a0R,\'a0Gisbert\'a0J.P.\'a0Triple vs. quadruple therapy for treating Helicobacter pylori infection: a meta-analysis.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02003;17(9):1137\'961143.\
123. Cammarota\'a0G,\'a0Martino\'a0A,\'a0Pirozzi\'a0G,\'a0et al.\'a0High efficacy of 1-week doxycycline- and amoxicillin-based quadruple regimen in a culture-guided, third-line treatment approach for Helicobacter pylori infection.\'a0Aliment Pharmacol Ther.\'a02004;19(7):789\'96795.\
124. Sack\'a0D.A,\'a0Kaminsky\'a0D.C,\'a0Sack\'a0R.B,\'a0et al.\'a0Prophylactic doxycycline for travelers\'92 diarrhea. Results of a prospective double-blind study of Peace Corps volunteers in Kenya.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01978;298(14):758\'96763.\
125. Doernberg\'a0S.B,\'a0Winston\'a0L.G,\'a0Deck\'a0D.H,\'a0Chambers\'a0H.F.\'a0Does doxycycline protect against development of Clostridium difficile infection?\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02012;55(5):615\'96620.\
126. Baxter\'a0R,\'a0Ray\'a0G.T,\'a0Fireman\'a0B.H.\'a0Case-control study of antibiotic use and subsequent Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea in hospitalized patients.\'a0Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol.\'a02008;29(1):44\'9650.\
127. Tariq\'a0R,\'a0Cho\'a0J,\'a0Kapoor\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0Low risk of primary Clostridium difficile infection with tetracyclines: a systematic review and Metaanalysis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02018;66(4):514\'96522.\
128. Workowski\'a0K.A,\'a0Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Chan\'a0P.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021.\'a0MMWR Recommendations and Reports.\'a02021;70(4):1\'96187.\
129. Lau\'a0C.Y,\'a0Qureshi\'a0A.K.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for genital chlamydial infections: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a02002;29(9):497\'96502.\
130. Geisler\'a0W.M,\'a0Uniyal\'a0A,\'a0Lee\'a0J.Y,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin versus doxycycline for urogenital Chlamydia trachomatis infection.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02015;373(26):2512\'962521.\
131. Bachmann\'a0L.H,\'a0Stephens\'a0J,\'a0Richey\'a0C.M,\'a0Hook\'a0E.W.\'a03rd. Measured versus self-reported compliance with doxycycline therapy for chlamydia-associated syndromes: high therapeutic success rates despite poor compliance.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a01999;26(5):272\'96278.\
132. Lau\'a0A,\'a0Kong\'a0F.Y.S,\'a0Fairley\'a0C.K,\'a0et al.\'a0Azithromycin or doxycycline for asymptomatic rectal Chlamydia trachomatis.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02021;384(25):2418\'962427.\
133. Dombrowski\'a0J.C,\'a0Wierzbicki\'a0M.R,\'a0Newman\'a0L.M,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of Rectal Chlamydia in men who have sex with men: a randomized controlled trial.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02021;73(5):824\'96831.\
134. Peuchant\'a0O,\'a0Lhomme\'a0E,\'a0Martinet\'a0P,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline versus azithromycin for the treatment of anorectal Chlamydia trachomatis infection in women concurrent with vaginal infection (CHLAZIDOXY study): a multicentre, open-label, randomised, controlled, superiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02022;22(8):1221\'961230.\
135. Taylor-Robinson\'a0D,\'a0Furr\'a0P.M.\'a0Clinical antibiotic resistance of Ureaplasma urealyticum.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01986;5(6 Suppl):S335\'96S337.\
136. Wikstrom\'a0A,\'a0Jensen\'a0J.S.\'a0Mycoplasma genitalium: a common cause of persistent urethritis among men treated with doxycycline.\'a0Sex Transm. Infect.\'a02006;82(4):276\'96279.\
137. Bjornelius\'a0E,\'a0Anagrius\'a0C,\'a0Bojs\'a0G,\'a0et al.\'a0Antibiotic treatment of symptomatic Mycoplasma genitalium infection in Scandinavia: a controlled clinical trial.\'a0Sex Transm Infect.\'a02008;84(1):72\'9676.\
138. Orellana\'a0M.A,\'a0Gomez-Lus\'a0M.L.\'a0Which is the best empirical treatment in patients with urethritis?\'a0Rev Esp Quim.\'a02011;24(3):136\'96142.\
139. Newman\'a0L.M,\'a0Moran\'a0J.S,\'a0Workowski\'a0K.A.\'a0Update on the management of gonorrhea in adults in the United States.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02007;44(Suppl 3):S84\'96S101.\
140. Bolan\'a0R.K,\'a0Beymer\'a0M.R,\'a0Weiss\'a0R.E,\'a0Flynn\'a0R.P,\'a0Leibowitz\'a0A.A,\'a0Klausner\'a0J.D.\'a0Doxycycline prophylaxis to reduce incident syphilis among HIV-infected men who have sex with men who continue to engage in high-risk sex: a randomized, controlled pilot study.\'a0Sex Transm Dis.\'a02015;42(2):98\'96103.\
141. Molina\'a0J.M,\'a0Charreau\'a0I,\'a0Chidiac\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0Post-exposure prophylaxis with doxycycline to prevent sexually transmitted infections in men who have sex with men: an open-label randomised substudy of the ANRS IPERGAY trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02018;18(3):308\'96317.\
142. Luetkemeyer\'a0A.F,\'a0Donnell\'a0D,\'a0Dombrowski\'a0J.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Postexposure doxycycline to prevent bacterial sexually transmitted infections.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02023;388(14):1296\'961306.\
143. Greaves\'a0A.B,\'a0Hilleman\'a0M.R,\'a0Taggart\'a0S.R,\'a0Bankhead\'a0A.B,\'a0Feld\'a0M.\'a0Chemotherapy in bubonic lymphogranuloma venereum: a clinical and serological evaluation.\'a0Bull World Health Organ.\'a01957;16(2):277\'96289.\
144. Ness\'a0R.B,\'a0Soper\'a0D.E,\'a0Holley\'a0R.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Effectiveness of inpatient and outpatient treatment strategies for women with pelvic inflammatory disease: results from the Pelvic Inflammatory Disease Evaluation and Clinical Health (PEACH) Randomized Trial.\'a0Am J Obstet Gynecol.\'a02002;186(5):929\'96937.\
145. Lantos\'a0P.M,\'a0Rumbaugh\'a0J,\'a0Bockenstedt\'a0L.K,\'a0et al.\'a0Clinical practice guidelines by the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA), American Academy of Neurology (AAN), and American College of Rheumatology (ACR): 2020 guidelines for the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of Lyme disease.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02021;72(1):1\'968.\'a0Page 351.e3.\
146. Stupica\'a0D,\'a0Collinet-Adler\'a0S,\'a0Blagus\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of erythema migrans with doxycycline for 7 days versus 14 days in Slovenia: a randomised open-label non-inferiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02022.\
147. Steere\'a0A.C,\'a0Levin\'a0R.E,\'a0Molloy\'a0P.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of Lyme arthritis.\'a0Arthritis Rheumatol.\'a01994;37(6):878\'96888.\
148. Karlsson\'a0M,\'a0Hammers-Berggren\'a0S,\'a0Lindquist\'a0L,\'a0Stiernstedt\'a0G,\'a0Svenungsson\'a0B.\'a0Comparison of intravenous penicillin G and oral doxycycline for treatment of Lyme neuroborreliosis.\'a0Neurology.\'a01994;44(7):1203\'961207.\
149. Lj\'f8stad\'a0U,\'a0Skogvoll\'a0E,\'a0Eikeland\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Oral doxycycline versus intravenous ceftriaxone for European Lyme neuroborreliosis: a multicentre, non-inferiority, double-blind, randomised trial.\'a0Lancet Neurol.\'a02008;7(8):690\'96695.\
150. Bremell\'a0D,\'a0Dotevall\'a0L.\'a0Oral doxycycline for Lyme neuroborreliosis with symptoms of encephalitis, myelitis, vasculitis or intracranial hypertension.\'a0Eur Neurol.\'a02014;21(9):1162\'961167.\
151. Berende\'a0A,\'a0ter Hofstede\'a0H.J,\'a0Vos\'a0F.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Randomized trial of longer-term therapy for symptoms attributed to Lyme disease.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02016;374(13):1209\'961220.\
152. Nadelman\'a0R.B,\'a0Nowakowski\'a0J,\'a0Fish\'a0D,\'a0et al.\'a0Prophylaxis with single-dose doxycycline for the prevention of Lyme disease after an Ixodes scapularis tick bite.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02001;345(2):79\'9684.\
153. Perine\'a0P.L,\'a0Teklu\'a0B.\'a0Antibiotic treatment of louse-borne relapsing fever in Ethiopia: a report of 377 cases.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a01983;32(5):1096\'961100.\
154. Zenker\'a0P.N,\'a0Rolfs\'a0R.T.\'a0Treatment of syphilis, 1989.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01990;12(Suppl 6):S590\'96S609.\
155. Ghanem\'a0K.G,\'a0Erbelding\'a0E.J,\'a0Cheng\'a0W.W,\'a0Rompalo\'a0A.M.\'a0Doxycycline compared with benzathine penicillin for the treatment of early syphilis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02006;42(6):e45\'96e49.\
156. Psomas\'a0K.C,\'a0Brun\'a0M,\'a0Causse\'a0A,\'a0Atoui\'a0N,\'a0Reynes\'a0J,\'a0Le Moing\'a0V.\'a0Efficacy of ceftriaxone and doxycycline in the treatment of early syphilis.\'a0Med Mal Infect.\'a02012;42(1):15\'9619.\
157. Kang-Birken\'a0S.L,\'a0Castel\'a0U,\'a0Prichard\'a0J.G.\'a0Oral doxycycline for treatment of neurosyphilis in two patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02010;30(4):119e\'96122e.\
158. Girometti\'a0N,\'a0Junejo\'a0M.H,\'a0Nugent\'a0D,\'a0McOwan\'a0A,\'a0Whitlock\'a0G.\'a0Clinical and serological outcomes in patients treated with oral doxycycline for early neurosyphilis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02021;76(7):1916\'961919.\
159. De\'a0M.A,\'a0Solaro\'a0C,\'a0Abbruzzese\'a0M,\'a0Primavera\'a0A.\'a0Minocycline for symptomatic neurosyphilis in patients allergic to penicillin.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01997;337(18):1322\'961323.\
160. Farnsworth\'a0N,\'a0Rosen\'a0T.\'a0Endemic treponematosis: review and update.\'a0Clinics in Dermatology.\'a02006;24(3):181\'96190.\
161. Suputtamongkol\'a0Y,\'a0Niwattayakul\'a0K,\'a0Suttinont\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0An open, randomized, controlled trial of penicillin, doxycycline, and cefotaxime for patients with severe leptospirosis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02004;39(10):1417\'961424.\
162. Brett-Major\'a0D.M,\'a0Lipnick\'a0R.J.\'a0Antibiotic prophylaxis for leptospirosis.\'a0Cochrane Database Syst Rev.\'a02009(3):Cd007342.\
163. Griffith\'a0K.S,\'a0Lewis\'a0L.S,\'a0Mali\'a0S,\'a0Parise\'a0M.E.\'a0Treatment of malaria in the United States: a systematic review.\'a0JAMA.\'a02007;297(20):2264\'962277.\
164. Pukrittayakamee\'a0S,\'a0Clemens\'a0R,\'a0Chantra\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Therapeutic responses to antibacterial drugs in vivax malaria.\'a0Trans R Soc Trop Med Hyg.\'a02001;95(5):524\'96528.\
165. Ohrt\'a0C,\'a0Richie\'a0T.L,\'a0Widjaja\'a0H,\'a0et al.\'a0Mefloquine compared with doxycycline for the prophylaxis of malaria in Indonesian soldiers. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01997;126(12):963\'96972.\
166. Sonmez\'a0A,\'a0Harlak\'a0A,\'a0Kilic\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0The efficacy and tolerability of doxycycline and mefloquine in malaria prophylaxis of the ISAF troops in Afghanistan.\'a0J Infect Res.\'a02005;51(3):253\'96258.\
167. Rieckmann\'a0K.H,\'a0Yeo\'a0A.E,\'a0Davis\'a0D.R,\'a0Hutton\'a0D.C,\'a0Wheatley\'a0P.F,\'a0Simpson\'a0R.\'a0Recent military experience with malaria chemoprophylaxis.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01993;158(7):446\'96449.\
168. Pang\'a0L.W,\'a0Limsomwong\'a0N,\'a0Boudreau\'a0E.F,\'a0Singharaj\'a0P.\'a0Doxycycline prophylaxis for falciparum malaria.\'a0Lancet.\'a01987;1(8543):1161\'961164.\
169. Pang\'a0L,\'a0Limsomwong\'a0N,\'a0Singharaj\'a0P.\'a0Prophylactic treatment of vivax and falciparum malaria with low-dose doxycycline.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01988;158(5):1124\'961127.\
170. Shmuklarsky\'a0M.J,\'a0Boudreau\'a0E.F,\'a0Pang\'a0L.W,\'a0et al.\'a0Failure of doxycycline as a causal prophylactic agent against Plasmodium falciparum malaria in healthy nonimmune volunteers.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01994;120(4):294\'96299.\
171. Tan\'a0K.R,\'a0Magill\'a0A.J,\'a0Parise\'a0M.E,\'a0Arguin\'a0P.M.\'a0Doxycycline for malaria chemoprophylaxis and treatment: report from the CDC expert meeting on malaria chemoprophylaxis.\'a0Am J Trop Med Hyg.\'a02011;84(4):517\'96531.\
172. Fan\'a0M.Y,\'a0Walker\'a0D.H,\'a0Yu\'a0S.R,\'a0Liu\'a0Q.H.\'a0Epidemiology and ecology of rickettsial diseases in the People\'92s Republic of China.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01987;9(4):823\'96840.\
173. Gudiol\'a0F,\'a0Pallares\'a0R,\'a0Carratala\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Randomized double-blind evaluation of ciprofloxacin and doxycycline for Mediterranean spotted fever.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(6):987\'96988.\
174. Perine\'a0P.L,\'a0Chandler\'a0B.P,\'a0Krause\'a0D.K,\'a0et al.\'a0A clinico-epidemiological study of epidemic typhus in Africa.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01992;14(5):1149\'961158.\
175. Minniear\'a0T.D,\'a0Buckingham\'a0S.C.\'a0Managing rocky mountain spotted fever.\'a0Expert Rev Anti-infect Ther.\'a02009;7(9):1131\'961137.\
176. Ariza\'a0J,\'a0Bosilkovski\'a0M,\'a0Cascio\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Perspectives for the treatment of brucellosis in the 21st century: the Ioannina recommendations.\'a0PLoS Medicine.\'a02007;4(12):e317.\
177. Solera\'a0J,\'a0Martinez-Alfaro\'a0E,\'a0Saez\'a0L.\'a0Meta-analysis of the efficacy of the combination of +rifampicin and doxycycline in the treatment of human brucellosis.\'a0Med Clin.\'a01994;102(19):731\'96738.\
178. Hasanjani Roushan\'a0M.R,\'a0Mohraz\'a0M,\'a0Hajiahmadi\'a0M,\'a0Ramzani\'a0A,\'a0Valayati\'a0A.A.\'a0Efficacy of gentamicin plus doxycycline versus streptomycin plus doxycycline in the treatment of brucellosis in humans.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02006;42(8):1075\'961080.\
179. Hasanain\'a0A,\'a0Mahdy\'a0R,\'a0Mohamed\'a0A,\'a0Ali\'a0M.\'a0A randomized, comparative study of dual therapy (doxycycline-rifampin) versus triple therapy (doxycycline-rifampin-levofloxacin) for treating acute/subacute brucellosis.\'a0Braz J Infect Dis.\'a02016;20(3):250\'96254.\
180. Pappas\'a0G,\'a0Seitaridis\'a0S,\'a0Akritidis\'a0N,\'a0Tsianos\'a0E.\'a0Treatment of brucella spondylitis: lessons from an impossible meta-analysis and initial report of efficacy of a fluoroquinolone-containing regimen.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02004;24(5):502\'96507.\
181. Powell\'a0O.W,\'a0Kennedy\'a0K.P,\'a0Mc\'a0I.M,\'a0Silverstone\'a0H.\'a0Tetracycline in the treatment of \'93Q\'94 fever.\'a0Australas Ann Med.\'a01962;11:184\'96188.\
182. Spelman\'a0D.W.\'a0Q fever: a study of 111 consecutive cases.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01982;1(13):547\'96548\'a0551, 553.\
183. Maurin\'a0M,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Q fever.\'a0Clin Microbiol Rev.\'a01999;12(4):518\'96553.\
184. Ferrante\'a0M.A,\'a0Dolan\'a0M.J.\'a0Q fever meningoencephalitis in a soldier returning from the Persian Gulf War.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01993;16(4):489\'96496.\
185. Fenollar\'a0F,\'a0Fournier\'a0P.E,\'a0Carrieri\'a0M.P,\'a0Habib\'a0G,\'a0Messana\'a0T,\'a0Raoult\'a0D.\'a0Risks factors and prevention of Q fever endocarditis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02001;33(3):312\'96316.\
186. Raoult\'a0D,\'a0Houpikian\'a0P,\'a0Tissot Dupont\'a0H,\'a0Riss\'a0J.M,\'a0Arditi-Djiane\'a0J,\'a0Brouqui\'a0P.\'a0Treatment of Q fever endocarditis: comparison of 2 regimens containing doxycycline and ofloxacin or hydroxychloroquine.\'a0Arch Intern Med.\'a01999;159(2):167\'96173.\
187. Chaowagul\'a0W,\'a0Chierakul\'a0W,\'a0Simpson\'a0A.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Open-label randomized trial of oral trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, doxycycline, and chloramphenicol compared with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole and doxycycline for maintenance therapy of melioidosis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(10):4020\'964025.\
188. Chaowagul\'a0W,\'a0Simpson\'a0A.J,\'a0Suputtamongkol\'a0Y,\'a0Smith\'a0M.D,\'a0Angus\'a0B.J,\'a0White\'a0N.J.\'a0A comparison of chloramphenicol, trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, and doxycycline with doxycycline alone as maintenance therapy for melioidosis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01999;29(2):375\'96380.\
189. Fredeking\'a0T.M,\'a0Zavala-Castro\'a0J.E,\'a0Gonzalez-Martinez\'a0P,\'a0et al.\'a0Dengue patients treated with doxycycline showed lower mortality associated to a reduction in IL-6 and TNF levels.\'a0Recent Patents on Anti-infective Drug Discovery.\'a02015;10(1):51\'9658.\
190. Haik\'a0S,\'a0Marcon\'a0G,\'a0Mallet\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline in Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease: a phase 2, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0The Lancet Neurology.\'a02014;13(2):150\'96158.\
191. Varges\'a0D,\'a0Manthey\'a0H,\'a0Heinemann\'a0U,\'a0et al.\'a0Doxycycline in early CJD: a double-blinded randomised phase II and observational study.\'a0J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry Res.\'a02017;88(2):119\'96125.\
192. Ritchie\'a0D.J,\'a0Garavaglia-Wilson\'a0A.\'a0A review of intravenous minocycline for treatment of multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter infections.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02014;59(Suppl 6):S374\'96S380.\
193. Pogue\'a0J.M,\'a0Neelakanta\'a0A,\'a0Mynatt\'a0R.P,\'a0Sharma\'a0S,\'a0Lephart\'a0P,\'a0Kaye\'a0K.S.\'a0Carbapenem-resistance in gram-negative bacilli and intravenous minocycline: an antimicrobial stewardship approach at the Detroit Medical Center.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02014;59(Suppl 6):S388\'96S393.\
194. Hand\'a0E,\'a0Davis\'a0H,\'a0Kim\'a0T,\'a0Duhon\'a0B.\'a0Monotherapy with minocycline or trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole for treatment of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia infections.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02016;71(4):1071\'961075.\
195. Tan\'a0H.H.\'a0Antibacterial therapy for acne: a guide to selection and use of systemic agents.\'a0Am J Clin Dermatol.\'a02003;4(5):307\'96314.\
196. Stewart\'a0D.M,\'a0Torok\'a0H.M,\'a0Weiss\'a0J.S,\'a0Plott\'a0R.T.\'a0Dose-ranging efficacy of new once-daily extended-release minocycline for acne vulgaris.\'a0Cutis.\'a02006;78(4 Suppl):11\'9620.\
197. O\'92Dell\'a0J.R,\'a0Elliott\'a0J.R,\'a0Mallek\'a0J.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of early seropositive rheumatoid arthritis: doxycycline plus methotrexate versus methotrexate alone.\'a0Arthritis and Rheumatism.\'a02006;54(2):621\'96627.\
198. Tilley\'a0B.C,\'a0Alarcon\'a0G.S,\'a0Heyse\'a0S.P,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline in rheumatoid arthritis. A 48-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. MIRA Trial Group.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01995;122(2):81\'9689.\
199. O\'92Dell\'a0J.R,\'a0Paulsen\'a0G,\'a0Haire\'a0C.E,\'a0et al.\'a0Treatment of early seropositive rheumatoid arthritis with minocycline: four-year followup of a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.\'a0Arthritis and Rheumatol.\'a01999;42(8):1691\'961695.\
200. Matsuyama\'a0A,\'a0Sakai\'a0N,\'a0Ishigami\'a0M,\'a0Hiraoka\'a0H,\'a0Yamashita\'a0S.\'a0Minocycline for the treatment of Takayasu arteritis.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a02005;143(5):394\'96395.\
201. Sorensen\'a0P.S,\'a0Sellebjerg\'a0F,\'a0Lycke\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline added to subcutaneous interferon \uc0\u946 -1a in multiple sclerosis: randomized RECYCLINE study.\'a0Eur Neurol.\'a02016;23(5):861\'96870.\
202. Metz\'a0L.M,\'a0Li\'a0D.K.B,\'a0Traboulsee\'a0A.L,\'a0et al.\'a0Trial of minocycline in a clinically isolated syndrome of multiple sclerosis.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02017;376(22):2122\'962133.\
203. Brouillard\'a0J.E,\'a0Terriff\'a0C.M,\'a0Tofan\'a0A,\'a0Garrison\'a0M.W.\'a0Antibiotic selection and resistance issues with fluoroquinolones and doxycycline against bioterrorism agents.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02006;26(1):3\'9614.\
204. Roberts\'a0M.C.\'a0Tetracycline resistance determinants: mechanisms of action, regulation of expression, genetic mobility, and distribution.\'a0FEMS Microbiol Rev.\'a01996;19(1):1\'9624.\
205. Roberts\'a0M.C.\'a0Tetracycline therapy: update.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02003;36(4):462\'96467.\
206. Chopra\'a0I.\'a0New developments in tetracycline antibiotics: glycylcyclines and tetracycline efflux pump inhibitors.\'a0Drug Resistance Updates.\'a02002;5(3\'964):119\'96125.\
207. Paulsen\'a0I.T,\'a0Brown\'a0M.H,\'a0Skurray\'a0R.A.\'a0Proton-dependent multidrug efflux systems.\'a0Microbiol Rev.\'a01996;60(4):575\'96608.\
208. Connell\'a0S.R,\'a0Tracz\'a0D.M,\'a0Nierhaus\'a0K.H,\'a0Taylor\'a0D.E.\'a0Ribosomal protection proteins and their mechanism of tetracycline resistance.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(12):3675\'963681.\
209. Rasmussen\'a0B.A,\'a0Gluzman\'a0Y,\'a0Tally\'a0F.P.\'a0Inhibition of protein synthesis occurring on tetracycline-resistant, TetM-protected ribosomes by a novel class of tetracyclines, the glycylcyclines.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(7):1658\'961660.\
210. Melville\'a0C.M,\'a0Scott\'a0K.P,\'a0Mercer\'a0D.K,\'a0Flint\'a0H.J.\'a0Novel tetracycline resistance gene, tet(32), in the Clostridium-related human colonic anaerobe K10 and its transmission in\'a0vitro to the rumen anaerobe Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02001;45(11):3246\'963249.\
211. Speer\'a0B.S,\'a0Salyers\'a0A.A.\'a0Novel aerobic tetracycline resistance gene that chemically modifies tetracycline.\'a0J Bacter.\'a01989;171(1):148\'96153.\
212. Yang\'a0W,\'a0Moore\'a0I.F,\'a0Koteva\'a0K.P,\'a0Bareich\'a0D.C,\'a0Hughes\'a0D.W,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0TetX is a flavin-dependent monooxygenase conferring resistance to tetracycline antibiotics.\'a0J Biol Chem.\'a02004;279(50):52346\'9652352.\
213. Moore\'a0I.F,\'a0Hughes\'a0D.W,\'a0Wright\'a0G.D.\'a0Tigecycline is modified by the flavin-dependent monooxygenase TetX.\'a0Biochemistry.\'a02005;44(35):11829\'9611835.\
214. Cohen\'a0S.P,\'a0McMurry\'a0L.M,\'a0Levy\'a0S.B.\'a0marA locus causes decreased expression of OmpF porin in multiple-antibiotic-resistant (Mar) mutants of Escherichia coli.\'a0J Bacteriol.\'a01988;170(12):5416\'965422.\
215. Gerrits\'a0M.M,\'a0de Zoete\'a0M.R,\'a0Arents\'a0N.L,\'a0Kuipers\'a0E.J,\'a0Kusters\'a0J.G.\'a016S rRNA mutation-mediated tetracycline resistance in Helicobacter pylori.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02002;46(9):2996\'963000.\
216. Trieber\'a0C.A,\'a0Taylor\'a0D.E.\'a0Mutations in the 16S rRNA genes of Helicobacter pylori mediate resistance to tetracycline.\'a0J Bacteriol.\'a02002;184(8):2131\'962140.\
217. Smith\'a0K,\'a0Leyden\'a0J.J.\'a0Safety of doxycycline and minocycline: a systematic review.\'a0Clin Therap.\'a02005;27(9):1329\'961342.\
218. Lebrun-Vignes\'a0B,\'a0Kreft-Jais\'a0C,\'a0Castot\'a0A,\'a0Chosidow\'a0O.\'a0Comparative analysis of adverse drug reactions to tetracyclines: results of a French national survey and review of the literature.\'a0Br J Dermatol.\'a02012;166(6):1333\'961341.\
219. Hey\'a0H,\'a0Jorgensen\'a0F,\'a0Sorensen\'a0K,\'a0Hasselbalch\'a0H,\'a0Wamberg\'a0T.\'a0Oesophageal transit of six commonly used tablets and capsules.\'a0Br Med J (Clinical Research Ed).\'a01982;285(6356):1717\'961719.\'a0Page 351.e4.\
220. Winckler\'a0K.\'a0Tetracycline ulcers of the oesophagus, Endoscopy, histology and roentgenology in two cases, and review of the literature.\'a0Endoscopy.\'a01981;13(6):225\'96228.\
221. Fanning\'a0W.L,\'a0Gump\'a0D.W,\'a0Sofferman\'a0R.A.\'a0Side effects of minocycline: a double-blind study.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(4):712\'96717.\
222. Shea\'a0C.R,\'a0Olack\'a0G.A,\'a0Morrison\'a0H,\'a0Chen\'a0N,\'a0Hasan\'a0T.\'a0Phototoxicity of lumidoxycycline.\'a0J Invest Dermatol.\'a01993;101(3):329\'96333.\
223. Bethell\'a0H.J.\'a0Photo-onycholysis caused by demethylchlortetracycline.\'a0Br Med J.\'a01977;2(6079):96.\
224. Fenske\'a0N.A,\'a0Millns\'a0J.L,\'a0Greer\'a0K.E.\'a0Minocycline-induced pigmentation at sites of cutaneous inflammation.\'a0JAMA.\'a01980;244(10):1103\'961106.\
225. Simons\'a0J.J,\'a0Morales\'a0A.\'a0Minocycline and generalized cutaneous pigmentation.\'a0J Am Acad Dermatol.\'a01980;3(3):244\'96247.\
226. Cale\'a0A.E,\'a0Freedman\'a0P.D,\'a0Lumerman\'a0H.\'a0Pigmentation of the jawbones and teeth secondary to minocycline hydrochloride therapy.\'a0Journal of Periodontology.\'a01988;59(2):112\'96114.\
227. Odell\'a0E.W,\'a0Hodgson\'a0R.P,\'a0Haskell\'a0R.\'a0Oral presentation of minocycline-induced black bone disease.\'a0Oral Surgery, Oral Medicine, Oral Pathology, Oral Radiology, and Endodontics.\'a01995;79(4):459\'96461.\
228. Siller\'a0G.M,\'a0Tod\'a0M.A,\'a0Savage\'a0N.W.\'a0Minocycline-induced oral pigmentation.\'a0J Am Acad Dermatol.\'a01994;30(2 Pt 2):350\'96354.\
229. Attwood\'a0H.D.\'a0A black thyroid and minocycline therapy.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01983;1(12):549.\
230. Landas\'a0S.K,\'a0Schelper\'a0R.L,\'a0Tio\'a0F.O,\'a0Turner\'a0J.W,\'a0Moore\'a0K.C,\'a0Bennett-Gray\'a0J.\'a0Black thyroid syndrome: exaggeration of a normal process?\'a0Am J Clin Pathol.\'a01986;85(4):411\'96418.\
231. Demers\'a0P,\'a0Fraser\'a0D,\'a0Goldbloom\'a0R.B,\'a0et al.\'a0Effects of tetracyclines on skeletal growth and dentition. A report by the Nutrition Committee of the Canadian Paediatric Society.\'a0Can Med Assoc.\'a01968;99(17):849\'96854.\
232. Moffitt\'a0J.M,\'a0Cooley\'a0R.O,\'a0Olsen\'a0N.H,\'a0Hefferren\'a0J.J.\'a0Prediction of tetracycline-induced tooth discoloration.\'a0J Am Dent Assoc (1939).\'a01974;88(3):547\'96552.\
233. Witkop\'a0Jr.\'a0C.J,\'a0Wolf\'a0R.O.\'a0Hypoplasia and intrinsic staining of enamel following tetracycline therapy.\'a0JAMA.\'a01963;185:1008\'961011.\
234. McIntosh\'a0H.A,\'a0Storey\'a0E.\'a0Tetracycline-induced tooth changes.4. Discoloration and hypoplasia induced by tetracycline analogues.\'a0Med J Aust.\'a01970;1(3):114\'96119.\
235. Grossman\'a0E.R,\'a0Walchek\'a0A,\'a0Freedman\'a0H.\'a0Tetracyclines and permanent teeth: the relation between dose and tooth color.\'a0Pediatrics.\'a01971;47(3):567\'96570.\
236. Todd\'a0S.R,\'a0Dahlgren\'a0F.S,\'a0Traeger\'a0M.S,\'a0et al.\'a0No visible dental staining in children treated with doxycycline for suspected Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a02015;166(5):1246\'961251.\
237. Volovitz\'a0B,\'a0Shkap\'a0R,\'a0Amir\'a0J,\'a0Calderon\'a0S,\'a0Varsano\'a0I,\'a0Nussinovitch\'a0M.\'a0Absence of tooth staining with doxycycline treatment in young children.\'a0Clin Pediatr.\'a02007;46(2):121\'96126.\
238. Toaff\'a0R,\'a0Ravid\'a0R.\'a0Tetracyclines and the teeth.\'a0Lancet.\'a01966;2(7457):281\'96282.\
239. Cohlan\'a0S.Q.\'a0Teratogenic agents and congenital malformations.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a01963;63:650\'96659.\
240. Schultz\'a0J.C,\'a0Adamson\'a0JS.\'a0J.r,\'a0Workman\'a0W.W,\'a0Norman\'a0T.D.\'a0Fatal liver disease after intravenous administration of tetracycline in high dosage.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01963;269:999\'961004.\
241. Carson\'a0J.L,\'a0Strom\'a0B.L,\'a0Duff\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Acute liver disease associated with erythromycins, sulfonamides, and tetracyclines.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01993;119(7 Pt 1):576\'96583.\
242. Vial\'a0T,\'a0Biour\'a0M,\'a0Descotes\'a0J,\'a0Trepo\'a0C.\'a0Antibiotic-associated hepatitis: update from 1990.\'a0Ann Pharmacother.\'a01997;31(2):204\'96220.\
243. Shils\'a0M.E.\'a0Renal disease and the metabolic effects of tetracycline.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01963;58:389\'96408.\
244. Montoliu\'a0J,\'a0Carrera\'a0M,\'a0Darnell\'a0A,\'a0Revert\'a0L.\'a0Lactic acidosis and Fanconi\'92s syndrome due to degraded tetracycline.\'a0Br. Med. J (Clinical Research Ed).\'a01981;283(6306):1576\'961577.\
245. Lander\'a0C.M.\'a0Minocycline-induced benign intracranial hypertension.\'a0Exp Neurol.\'a01989;26:161\'96167.\
246. Koch-Weser\'a0J,\'a0Gilmore\'a0E.B.\'a0Benign intracranial hypertension in an adult after tetracycline therapy.\'a0JAMA.\'a01967;200(4):345\'96347.\
247. Chiu\'a0A.M,\'a0Chuenkongkaew\'a0W.L,\'a0Cornblath\'a0W.T,\'a0et al.\'a0Minocycline treatment and pseudotumor cerebri syndrome.\'a0Am J Ophthalmol.\'a01998;126(1):116\'96121.\
248. Kesler\'a0A,\'a0Goldhammer\'a0Y,\'a0Hadayer\'a0A,\'a0Pianka\'a0P.\'a0The outcome of pseudotumor cerebri induced by tetracycline therapy.\'a0Acta Neurologica Scandinavica.\'a02004;110(6):408\'96411.\
249. Lochhead\'a0J,\'a0Elston\'a0J.S.\'a0Doxycycline induced intracranial hypertension.\'a0BMJ (Clinical Research Ed).\'a02003;326(7390):641\'96642.\
250. Knowles\'a0S.R,\'a0Shapiro\'a0L,\'a0Shear\'a0N.H.\'a0Serious adverse reactions induced by minocycline. Report of 13 patients and review of the literature.\'a0Arch Dermatol.\'a01996;132(8):934\'96939.\
251. Fellner\'a0M.J,\'a0Baer\'a0R.L.\'a0Anaphylactic reaction to tetracycline in a penicillin-allergic patient: immunologic studies.\'a0JAMA.\'a01965;192:997\'96998.\
252. Cac\'a0N.N,\'a0Messingham\'a0M.J,\'a0Sniezek\'a0P.J,\'a0Walling\'a0H.W.\'a0Stevens-Johnson syndrome induced by doxycycline.\'a0Cutis.\'a02007;79(2):119\'96122.\
253. Czeizel\'a0A.E,\'a0Rockenbauer\'a0M.\'a0Teratogenic study of doxycycline.\'a0Obstet Gynecol.\'a01997;89(4):524\'96528.\
254. Rosa\'a0F.\'a0Drugs in Pregnancy and Lactation: A Reference Guide to Fetal and Neonatal Risk.\'a0Philadelphia (PA):\'a0Lippincott Williams & Wilkins;\'a02002.\
255. Kaundinnyayana\'a0S,\'a0Kamath\'a0A.\'a0Doxycycline use and adverse pregnancy or neonatal outcomes: a descriptive study using the United States Food and Drug Administration Adverse Event Reporting System database.\'a0Health Sci Rep.\'a02022;5(6):e931.\
256. Ellis-Grosse\'a0E.J,\'a0Babinchak\'a0T,\'a0Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Rose\'a0G,\'a0Loh\'a0E.\'a0The efficacy and safety of tigecycline in the treatment of skin and skin-structure infections: results of 2 double-blind phase 3 comparison studies with vancomycin-aztreonam.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02005;41(Suppl 5):S341\'96S353.\
257. Babinchak\'a0T,\'a0Ellis-Grosse\'a0E,\'a0Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Rose\'a0G.M,\'a0Loh\'a0E.\'a0The efficacy and safety of tigecycline for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections: analysis of pooled clinical trial data.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02005;41(Suppl 5):S354\'96S367.\
258. Tanaseanu\'a0C,\'a0Bergallo\'a0C,\'a0Teglia\'a0O,\'a0et al.\'a0Integrated results of 2 phase 3 studies comparing tigecycline and levofloxacin in community-acquired pneumonia.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02008;61(3):329\'96338.\
259. Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Castaing\'a0N,\'a0Gandjini\'a0H,\'a0Cooper\'a0A.\'a0Tigecycline versus levofloxacin for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia: European experience.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother (Florence, Italy).\'a02008;20(Suppl 1):28\'9635.\
260. FDA. Increased risk of death with Tygacil (tigecycline) compared to other antibiotics used to treat similar infections. http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DrugSafety/ucm224370.htm. (Accessed December 9, 2012).\
261. FDA. FDA Drug Safety Communication: FDA Warns of Increased Risk of Death with IV Antibacterial Tygacil (Tigecycline) and Approves New Boxed Warning. http://www.fda.gov/Drugs/DrugSafety/ucm369580.htm. (Accessed January 26, 2014).\
262. McGovern\'a0P.C,\'a0Wible\'a0M,\'a0El-Tahtawy\'a0A,\'a0Biswas\'a0P,\'a0Meyer\'a0R.D.\'a0All-cause mortality imbalance in the tigecycline phase 3 and 4 clinical trials.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02013;41(5):463\'96467.\
263. Sum\'a0P.E,\'a0Lee\'a0V.J,\'a0Testa\'a0R.T,\'a0et al.\'a0Glycylcyclines. 1. A new generation of potent antibacterial agents through modification of 9-aminotetracyclines.\'a0J Med Chem.\'a01994;37(1):184\'96188.\
264. Bauer\'a0G,\'a0Berens\'a0C,\'a0Projan\'a0S.J,\'a0Hillen\'a0W.\'a0Comparison of tetracycline and tigecycline binding to ribosomes mapped by dimethylsulphate and drug-directed Fe2+ cleavage of 16S rRNA.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02004;53(4):592\'96599.\
265. Olson\'a0M.W,\'a0Ruzin\'a0A,\'a0Feyfant\'a0E,\'a0Rush\'a03rd.\'a0T.S,\'a0O\'92Connell\'a0J,\'a0Bradford\'a0P.A.\'a0Functional, biophysical, and structural bases for antibacterial activity of tigecycline.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02006;50(6):2156\'962166.\
266. Bergeron\'a0J,\'a0Ammirati\'a0M,\'a0Danley\'a0D,\'a0et al.\'a0Glycylcyclines bind to the high-affinity tetracycline ribosomal binding site and evade Tet(M)- and Tet(O)-mediated ribosomal protection.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01996;40(9):2226\'962228.\
267. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Homenuik\'a0K,\'a0Nichol\'a0K,\'a0et al.\'a0The glycylcyclines: a comparative review with the tetracyclines.\'a0Drugs.\'a02004;64(1):63\'9688.\
268. Wyeth. Tygacil (tigecycline) package insert. In: Wyeth Pharmaceuticals I, ed. Philadelphia, PA2011.\
269. Troy\'a0S,\'a0Muralidharan\'a0G,\'a0Micalizzi\'a0M,\'a0Mojaverian\'a0P,\'a0Salacinski\'a0L,\'a0Raible\'a0D.\'a0The effects of renal disease on the pharmacokinetics of tigecycline (GAR-936) (Abstract A-43).\'a0In:\'a0Proceedings of the 43rd Annual Meeting of the Interscience Conference on Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy.\'a02003\'a0Chicago, IL.\
270. Frampton\'a0J.E,\'a0Curran\'a0M.P.\'a0Tigecycline.\'a0Drugs.\'a02005;65(18):2623\'962635\'a0discussion 2636-2627.\
271. Muralidharan\'a0G,\'a0Fruncillo\'a0R.J,\'a0Micalizzi\'a0M,\'a0Raible\'a0D.G,\'a0Troy\'a0S.M.\'a0Effects of age and sex on single-dose pharmacokinetics of tigecycline in healthy subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(4):1656\'961659.\
272. Muralidharan\'a0G,\'a0Micalizzi\'a0M,\'a0Speth\'a0J,\'a0Raible\'a0D,\'a0Troy\'a0S.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of tigecycline after single and multiple doses in healthy subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(1):220\'96229.\
273. Rodvold\'a0K.A,\'a0Gotfried\'a0M.H,\'a0Cwik\'a0M,\'a0Korth-Bradley\'a0J.M,\'a0Dukart\'a0G,\'a0Ellis-Grosse\'a0E.J.\'a0Serum, tissue and body fluid concentrations of tigecycline after a single 100 mg dose.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02006;58(6):1221\'961229.\
274. Bhattacharya\'a0I,\'a0Gotfried\'a0M.H,\'a0Ji\'a0A.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Reassessment of tigecycline bone concentrations in volunteers undergoing elective orthopedic procedures.\'a0J Clin Pharmacol.\'a02014;54(1):70\'9674.\
275. Cunha\'a0B.A.\'a0Pharmacokinetic considerations regarding tigecycline for multidrug-resistant (MDR) Klebsiella pneumoniae or MDR Acinetobacter baumannii urosepsis.\'a0J Clin Microbiol.\'a02009;47(5):1613.\
276. Livermore\'a0D.M.\'a0Tigecycline: what is it, and where should it be used?\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02005;56(4):611\'96614.\
277. Barbour\'a0A,\'a0Scaglione\'a0F,\'a0Derendorf\'a0H.\'a0Class-dependent relevance of tissue distribution in the interpretation of anti-infective pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic indices.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02010;35(5):431\'96438.\
278. Hoffmann\'a0M,\'a0DeMaio\'a0W,\'a0Jordan\'a0R.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Metabolism, excretion, and pharmacokinetics of [14C]tigecycline, a first-in-class glycylcycline antibiotic, after intravenous infusion to healthy male subjects.\'a0Drug Metab Dispos.\'a02007;35(9):1543\'961553.\
279. Low\'a0D.E,\'a0Kreiswirth\'a0B.N,\'a0Weiss\'a0K,\'a0Willey\'a0B.M.\'a0Activity of GAR-936 and other antimicrobial agents against North American isolates of Staphylococcus aureus.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02002;20(3):220\'96222.\
280. Goff\'a0D.A,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0Prevalence and regional variation in meticillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) in the USA and comparative in\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline, a glycylcycline antimicrobial.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02007;56(Pt 9):1189\'961193.\
281. Gales\'a0A.C,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R.\'a0Tigecycline activity tested against 11808 bacterial pathogens recently collected from US medical centers.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02008;60(4):421\'96427.\
282. Mendes\'a0R.E,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Deshpande\'a0L,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Antimicrobial activity of tigecycline against community-acquired methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates recovered from North American medical centers.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02008;60(4):433\'96436.\
283. Namdari\'a0H,\'a0Tan\'a0T.Y,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0Activity of tigecycline and comparators against skin and skin structure pathogens: global results of the Tigecycline evaluation and surveillance trial, 2004-2009.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02012;16(1):e60\'96e66.\
284. Borbone\'a0S,\'a0Lupo\'a0A,\'a0Mezzatesta\'a0M.L,\'a0Campanile\'a0F,\'a0Santagati\'a0M,\'a0Stefani\'a0S.\'a0Evaluation of the in\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline against multiresistant Gram-positive cocci containing tetracycline resistance determinants.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02008;31(3):209\'96215.\
285. Cercenado\'a0E,\'a0Cercenado\'a0S,\'a0Gomez\'a0J.A,\'a0Bouza\'a0E.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline (GAR-936), a novel glycylcycline, against vancomycin-resistant enterococci and staphylococci with diminished susceptibility to glycopeptides.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02003;52(1):138\'96139.\
286. Aznar\'a0J,\'a0Lepe\'a0J.A,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility among E. faecalis and E. faecium from France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the UK (T.E.S.T. Surveillance Study, 2004-2009).\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother (Florence, Italy).\'a02012;24(2):74\'9680.\
287. Lee do\'a0K,\'a0Kim\'a0Y,\'a0Park\'a0K.S,\'a0Yang\'a0J.W,\'a0Kim\'a0K,\'a0Ha\'a0N.J.\'a0Antimicrobial activity of mupirocin, daptomycin, linezolid, quinupristin/dalfopristin and tigecycline against vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) from clinical isolates in Korea (1998 and 2005).\'a0J Biochem Mol.\'a02007;40(6):881\'96887.\
288. Moet\'a0G.J,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Tigecycline (GAR-936) activity against Streptococcus gallolyticus (bovis) and viridans group streptococci.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02007;57(3):333\'96336.\
289. Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Stilwell\'a0M.G,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Potency and spectrum of tigecycline tested against an international collection of bacterial pathogens associated with skin and soft tissue infections (2000-2004).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):195\'96201.\
290. Hoban\'a0D.J,\'a0Bouchillon\'a0S.K,\'a0Johnson\'a0B.M,\'a0Johnson\'a0J.L,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline against 6792 gram-negative and gram-positive clinical isolates from the global tigecycline evaluation and surveillance trial (TEST program, 2004).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):215\'96227.\
291. Hoellman\'a0D.B,\'a0Pankuch\'a0G.A,\'a0Jacobs\'a0M.R,\'a0Appelbaum\'a0P.C.\'a0Antipneumococcal activities of GAR-936 (a new glycylcycline) compared to those of nine other agents against penicillin-susceptible and -resistant pneumococci.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02000;44(4):1085\'961088.\
292. Salas\'a0C,\'a0Calvo\'a0J,\'a0Martinez-Martinez\'a0L.\'a0Activity of tigecycline against Coryneform bacteria of clinical interest and Listeria monocytogenes.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(4):1503\'961505.\
293. Milatovic\'a0D,\'a0Schmitz\'a0F.J,\'a0Verhoef\'a0J,\'a0Fluit\'a0A.C.\'a0Activities of the glycylcycline tigecycline (GAR-936) against 1,924 recent European clinical bacterial isolates.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(1):400\'96404.\
294. Garcia\'a0C.P,\'a0Juliet\'a0L.C,\'a0Fernandez\'a0V.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Multicenter study on the monitoring of in\'a0vitro susceptibility to tigeeyeline in Santiago, Chile.\'a0Revista chilena de infectologia.\'a02009;26(3):220\'96226.\'a0Page 351.e5.\
295. Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Strabala\'a0P.A,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Activity of tigecycline tested against a global collection of Enterobacteriaceae, including tetracycline-resistant isolates.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):209\'96213.\
296. Nabuurs-Franssen\'a0M,\'a0Mouton\'a0J.W.\'a0Tigecycline.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:881\'96892.\
297. Bouchillon\'a0S.K,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J,\'a0Johnson\'a0B.M,\'a0Johnson\'a0J.L,\'a0Hsiung\'a0A,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline against 3989 gram-negative and gram-positive clinical isolates from the United States tigecycline evaluation and surveillance trial (TEST program; 2004).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02005;52(3):173\'96179.\
298. Castanheira\'a0M,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Deshpande\'a0L.M,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Antimicrobial activities of tigecycline and other broad-spectrum antimicrobials tested against serine carbapenemase- and metallo-beta-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae: report from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(2):570\'96573.\
299. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Karlowsky\'a0J.A,\'a0Rubinstein\'a0E,\'a0Hoban\'a0D.J.\'a0Tigecycline: a novel glycylcycline antibiotic.\'a0Expert Rev Anti-infect Ther.\'a02006;4(1):9\'9625.\
300. Dowzicky\'a0M.J,\'a0Park\'a0C.H.\'a0Update on antimicrobial susceptibility rates among gram-negative and gram-positive organisms in the United States: results from the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST) 2005 to 2007.\'a0Clinical Therapeutics.\'a02008;30(11):2040\'962050.\
301. Navon-Venezia\'a0S,\'a0Leavitt\'a0A,\'a0Carmeli\'a0Y.\'a0High tigecycline resistance in multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02007;59(4):772\'96774.\
302. Farrell\'a0D.J,\'a0Sader\'a0H.S,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibilities of a worldwide collection of Stenotrophomonas maltophilia isolates tested against tigecycline and agents commonly used for S. maltophilia infections.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02010;54(6):2735\'962737.\
303. Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Kirby\'a0J.T,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline (GAR-936) tested against 11,859 recent clinical isolates associated with community-acquired respiratory tract and gram-positive cutaneous infections.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02004;49(3):201\'96209.\
304. Dizbay\'a0M,\'a0Kilic\'a0S,\'a0Hizel\'a0K,\'a0Arman\'a0D.\'a0Tigecycline: its potential for treatment of brucellosis.\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02007;39(5):432\'96434.\
305. Turan\'a0H,\'a0Arslan\'a0H,\'a0Azap\'a0O.K,\'a0Serefhanoglu\'a0K,\'a0Uncu\'a0H.\'a0In\'a0vitro antibacterial activity of tigecycline in comparison with doxycycline, ciprofloxacin and rifampicin against Brucella spp.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02007;30(2):186\'96187.\
306. Pappas\'a0G,\'a0Papadimitriou\'a0P,\'a0Christou\'a0L,\'a0Akritidis\'a0N.\'a0Future trends in human brucellosis treatment.\'a0Expert Opin Investig Drugs.\'a02006;15(10):1141\'961149.\
307. Jacobus\'a0N.V,\'a0McDermott\'a0L.A,\'a0Ruthazer\'a0R,\'a0Snydman\'a0D.R.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline against the Bacteroides fragilis group.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02004;48(3):1034\'961036.\
308. Nagy\'a0E,\'a0Dowzicky\'a0M.J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of tigecycline and comparators against a European compilation of anaerobes collected as part of the Tigecycline Evaluation and Surveillance Trial (TEST).\'a0Scand J Infect Dis.\'a02010;42(1):33\'9638.\
309. Kenny\'a0G.E,\'a0Cartwright\'a0F.D.\'a0Susceptibilities of Mycoplasma hominis, M. pneumoniae, and Ureaplasma urealyticum to GAR-936, dalfopristin, dirithromycin, evernimicin, gatifloxacin, linezolid, moxifloxacin, quinupristin-dalfopristin, and telithromycin compared to their susceptibilities to reference macrolides, tetracyclines, and quinolones.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02001;45(9):2604\'962608.\
310. Edelstein\'a0P.H,\'a0Weiss\'a0W.J,\'a0Edelstein\'a0M.A.\'a0Activities of tigecycline (GAR-936) against Legionella pneumophila in\'a0vitro and in Guinea pigs with L. pneumophila pneumonia.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(2):533\'96540.\
311. Fernandez-Roblas\'a0R,\'a0Martin-de-Hijas\'a0N.Z,\'a0Fernandez-Martinez\'a0A.I,\'a0Garcia-Almeida\'a0D,\'a0Gadea\'a0I,\'a0Esteban\'a0J.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of tigecycline and 10 other antimicrobials against nonpigmented rapidly growing mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02008;52(11):4184\'964186.\
312. Coban\'a0A.Y,\'a0Deveci\'a0A,\'a0Cayci\'a0Y.T,\'a0Uzun\'a0M,\'a0Akgunes\'a0A,\'a0Durupinar\'a0B.\'a0In\'a0vitro effect of tigecycline against Mycobacterium tuberculosis and a review of the available drugs for tuberculosis.\'a0Afr J Microbiol Res.\'a02011;5(3):311\'96315.\
313. Breedt\'a0J,\'a0Teras\'a0J,\'a0Gardovskis\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Safety and efficacy of tigecycline in treatment of skin and skin structure infections: results of a double-blind phase 3 comparison study with vancomycin-aztreonam.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(11):4658\'964666.\
314. Sacchidanand\'a0S,\'a0Penn\'a0R.L,\'a0Embil\'a0J.M,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline monotherapy compared with vancomycin plus aztreonam in patients with complicated skin and skin structure infections: results from a phase 3, randomized, double-blind trial.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02005;9(5):251\'96261.\
315. Teras\'a0J,\'a0Gardovskis\'a0J,\'a0Vaasna\'a0T,\'a0et al.\'a0Overview of tigecycline efficacy and safety in the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections - a European perspective.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother (Florence, Italy).\'a02008;20(Suppl 1):20\'9627.\
316. Chuang\'a0Y.C,\'a0Chang\'a0C.M,\'a0Aradhya\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline monotherapy compared with vancomycin-aztreonam in the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections in patients from India and Taiwan.\'a0J Microbiol.\'a02011;44(2):116\'96124.\
317. Lauf\'a0L,\'a0Ozsvar\'a0Z,\'a0Mitha\'a0I,\'a0et al.\'a0Phase 3 study comparing tigecycline and ertapenem in patients with diabetic foot infections with and without osteomyelitis.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02014;78(4):469\'96480.\
318. Oliva\'a0M.E,\'a0Rekha\'a0A,\'a0Yellin\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0A multicenter trial of the efficacy and safety of tigecycline versus imipenem/cilastatin in patients with complicated intra-abdominal infections [Study ID Numbers: 3074A1-301-WW; ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00081744].\'a0BMC Infect Dis.\'a02005;5:88.\
319. Towfigh\'a0S,\'a0Pasternak\'a0J,\'a0Poirier\'a0A,\'a0Leister\'a0H,\'a0Babinchak\'a0T.\'a0A multicentre, open-label, randomized comparative study of tigecycline versus ceftriaxone sodium plus metronidazole for the treatment of hospitalized subjects with complicated intra-abdominal infections.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02010;16(8):1274\'961281.\
320. Qvist\'a0N,\'a0Warren\'a0B,\'a0Leister-Tebbe\'a0H,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy of tigecycline versus ceftriaxone plus metronidazole for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections: results from a randomized, controlled trial.\'a0Surg Infect.\'a02012;13(2):102\'96109.\
321. Tanaseanu\'a0C,\'a0Milutinovic\'a0S,\'a0Calistru\'a0P.I,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline versus levofloxacin for community-acquired pneumonia.\'a0BMC Pulm Med.\'a02009;9:44.\
322. Bergallo\'a0C,\'a0Jasovich\'a0A,\'a0Teglia\'a0O,\'a0et al.\'a0Safety and efficacy of intravenous tigecycline in treatment of community-acquired pneumonia: results from a double-blind randomized phase 3 comparison study with levofloxacin.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02009;63(1):52\'9661.\
323. Curcio\'a0D,\'a0J\'a0C,\'a0W\'a0V,\'a0G\'a0V,\'a0A\'a0C.\'a0Tigecycline in the treatment of ventilator-associated pneumonia: experience from the Latin American Tigecycline Use Registry.\'a0Infez Med.\'a02010;18(1):27\'9634.\
324. Freire\'a0A.T,\'a0Melnyk\'a0V,\'a0Kim\'a0M.J,\'a0et al.\'a0Comparison of tigecycline with imipenem/cilastatin for the treatment of hospital-acquired pneumonia.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02010;68(2):140\'96151.\
325. Ramirez\'a0J,\'a0Dartois\'a0N,\'a0Gandjini\'a0H,\'a0Yan\'a0J.L,\'a0Korth-Bradley\'a0J,\'a0McGovern\'a0P.C.\'a0Randomized phase 2 trial to evaluate the clinical efficacy of two high-dosage tigecycline regimens versus imipenem-cilastatin for treatment of hospital-acquired pneumonia.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02013;57(4):1756\'961762.\
326. Curcio\'a0D,\'a0F\'a0F,\'a0A\'a0C,\'a0L\'a0B,\'a0D\'a0S.\'a0Indications of a new antibiotic in clinical practice: results of the tigecycline initial use registry.\'a0Braz J Infect Dis.\'a02008;12(3):198\'96201.\
327. Gardiner\'a0D,\'a0Dukart\'a0G,\'a0Cooper\'a0A,\'a0Babinchak\'a0T.\'a0Safety and efficacy of intravenous tigecycline in subjects with secondary bacteremia: pooled results from 8 phase III clinical trials.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02010;50(2):229\'96238.\
328. Aslam\'a0S,\'a0BW\'a0T,\'a0V\'a0R,\'a0RO\'a0D.\'a0Pilot trial of N-acetylcysteine and tigecycline as a catheter-lock solution for treatment of hemodialysis catheter-associated bacteremia.\'a0Infect Control Hosp.\'a02008;29(9):894\'96897.\
329. Vasilev\'a0K,\'a0G\'a0R,\'a0R\'a0O,\'a0et al.\'a0A Phase 3, open-label, non-comparative study of tigecycline in the treatment of patients with selected serious infections due to resistant Gram-negative organisms including Enterobacter species, Acinetobacter baumannii and Klebsiella pneumoniae.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02008;62(Suppl 1:i):29\'9640.\
330. Florescu\'a0I,\'a0Beuran\'a0M,\'a0Dimov\'a0R,\'a0et al.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline compared with vancomycin or linezolid for treatment of serious infections with methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus or vancomycin-resistant enterococci: a Phase 3, multicentre, double-blind, randomized study.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02008;62(Suppl 1):i17\'96i28.\
331. Chemaly\'a0R.F,\'a0Hanmod\'a0S.S,\'a0Jiang\'a0Y,\'a0et al.\'a0Tigecycline use in cancer patients with serious infections: a report on 110 cases from a single institution.\'a0Med.\'a02009;88(4):211\'96220.\
332. Bucaneve\'a0G,\'a0Micozzi\'a0A,\'a0Picardi\'a0M,\'a0et al.\'a0Results of a multicenter, controlled, randomized clinical trial evaluating the combination of piperacillin/tazobactam and tigecycline in high-risk hematologic patients with cancer with febrile neutropenia.\'a0Clin Oncol.\'a02014;32(14):1463\'961471.\
333. Cheng\'a0A,\'a0Chuang\'a0Y.C,\'a0Sun\'a0H.Y,\'a0et al.\'a0Excess mortality associated with Colistin-tigecycline compared with Colistin-carbapenem combination therapy for Extensively drug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii bacteremia: a multicenter prospective observational study.\'a0Crit Care Med.\'a02015;43(6):1194\'961204.\
334. Ni\'a0W,\'a0Han\'a0Y,\'a0Liu\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Tigecycline treatment for carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae infections: a systematic review and meta-analysis.\'a0Medicine (Baltimore).\'a02016;95(11):e3126.\
335. Satlin\'a0M,\'a0Kubin\'a0C,\'a0Blumenthal\'a0J,\'a0et al.\'a0Comparative effectiveness of aminoglycosides, polymyxin B, and tigecycline for clearance of carbapenem-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae from urine.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02011;55(12):5893\'965899.\
336. Larson\'a0K.C,\'a0Belliveau\'a0P.P,\'a0Spooner\'a0L.M.\'a0Tigecycline for the treatment of severe Clostridium difficile infection.\'a0Ann Pharmacother.\'a02011;45(7\'968):1005\'961010.\
337. Kopterides\'a0P,\'a0Papageorgiou\'a0C,\'a0Antoniadou\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Failure of tigecycline to treat severe Clostridium difficile infection.\'a0Anaesthesia and Intensive Care.\'a02010;38(4):755\'96758.\
338. Navalkele\'a0B.D,\'a0Lerner\'a0S.A.\'a0Intravenous tigecycline Facilitates cure of severe Clostridium difficile infection (CDI) after failure of Standard therapy: a case report and literature review of tigecycline Use in CDI.\'a0Open Forum Infect Dis.\'a02016;3(2):ofw094.\
339. Thomas\'a0A,\'a0Khan\'a0F,\'a0Uddin\'a0N,\'a0Wallace\'a0M.R.\'a0Tigecycline for severe Clostridium difficile infection.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02014;26:171\'96172.\
340. Phillips\'a0E.C,\'a0Warren\'a0C.A,\'a0Ma\'a0J.Z,\'a0Madden\'a0G.R.\'a0Impact of tigecycline on C. difficile outcomes: case series and Propensity-Matched retrospective study.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02022;66(6):e0000122.\
341. Seyman\'a0D,\'a0Berk\'a0H,\'a0Sepin-Ozen\'a0N,\'a0et al.\'a0Successful use of tigecycline for treatment of culture-negative pyogenic vertebral osteomyelitis.\'a0Infect Dis (London, England).\'a02015;47(11):783\'96788.\
342. Griffin\'a0A.T,\'a0Harting\'a0J.A,\'a0Christensen\'a0D.M.\'a0Tigecycline in the management of osteomyelitis: a case series from the bone and joint infection (BAJIO) database.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02013;77(3):273\'96277.\
343. Wallace\'a0Jr.\'a0R.J,\'a0Dukart\'a0G,\'a0Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Griffith\'a0D.E,\'a0Scerpella\'a0E.G,\'a0Marshall\'a0B.\'a0Clinical experience in 52 patients with tigecycline-containing regimens for salvage treatment of Mycobacterium abscessus and Mycobacterium chelonae infections.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02014;69(7):1945\'961953.\
344. Someya\'a0Y,\'a0Yamaguchi\'a0A,\'a0Sawai\'a0T.\'a0A novel glycylcycline, 9-(N,N-dimethylglycylamido)-6-demethyl-6-deoxytetracycline, is neither transported nor recognized by the transposon Tn10-encoded metal-tetracycline/H+ antiporter.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(1):247\'96249.\
345. Projan\'a0S.J.\'a0Preclinical pharmacology of GAR-936, a novel glycylcycline antibacterial agent.\'a0Pharmacotherapy.\'a02000;20(9 Pt 2):219S\'96223S\'a0discussion 224S-228S.\
346. Visalli\'a0M.A,\'a0Murphy\'a0E,\'a0Projan\'a0S.J,\'a0Bradford\'a0P.A.\'a0AcrAB multidrug efflux pump is associated with reduced levels of susceptibility to tigecycline (GAR-936) in Proteus mirabilis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02003;47(2):665\'96669.\
347. Ruzin\'a0A,\'a0Keeney\'a0D,\'a0Bradford\'a0P.A.\'a0AcrAB efflux pump plays a role in decreased susceptibility to tigecycline in Morganella morganii.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02005;49(2):791\'96793.\
348. Lv L., Wan M., Wang C., et\'a0al. Emergence of a Plasmid-encoded resistance-Nodulation-Division efflux pump conferring resistance to multiple drugs, including tigecycline, in Klebsiella pneumoniae. mBio. 2020;11(2):e02930-19\
349. Dong N., Zeng Y., Wang Y., et\'a0al. Distribution and spread of the mobilised RND efflux pump gene cluster tmexCD-toprJ in clinical Gram-negative bacteria: a molecular epidemiological study. Lancet Microbe. 2022;3(11):e846\'96e856\
350. McAleese F., Petersen P., Ruzin A., et\'a0al. A novel MATE family efflux pump contributes to the reduced susceptibility of laboratory-derived Staphylococcus aureus mutants to tigecycline. Antimicrob Agents Chemother. 2005;49(5):1865\'961871\
351. Fomin\'a0P,\'a0Beuran\'a0M,\'a0Gradauskas\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Tigecycline is efficacious in the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections.\'a0Int Surg J (London, England).\'a02005;3(1):35\'9647.\
352. Chen\'a0Z,\'a0Shi\'a0X.\'a0Adverse events of high-dose tigecycline in the treatment of ventilator-associated pneumonia due to multidrug-resistant pathogens.\'a0Medicine (Baltimore).\'a02018;97(38):e12467.\
353. Postier\'a0R.G,\'a0Green\'a0S.L,\'a0Klein\'a0S.R,\'a0Ellis-Grosse\'a0E.J,\'a0Loh\'a0E.\'a0Results of a multicenter, randomized, open-label efficacy and safety study of two doses of tigecycline for complicated skin and skin-structure infections in hospitalized patients.\'a0Clin Ther.\'a02004;26(5):704\'96714.\
354. Yu\'a0Z,\'a0Zhao\'a0Y,\'a0Jin\'a0J,\'a0Zhu\'a0J,\'a0Yu\'a0L,\'a0Han\'a0G.\'a0Prevalence and risk factors of tigecycline-induced liver injury: a multicenter retrospective study.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02022;120:59\'9664.\'a0Page 351.e6.\
355. Marot\'a0J.C,\'a0Jonckheere\'a0S,\'a0Munyentwali\'a0H,\'a0Belkhir\'a0L,\'a0Vandercam\'a0B,\'a0Yombi\'a0J.C.\'a0Tigecycline-induced acute pancreatitis: about two cases and review of the literature.\'a0Acta Clinica Belgica.\'a02012;67(3):229\'96232.\
356. Cai\'a0Y,\'a0Wang\'a0R,\'a0Liang\'a0B,\'a0Bai\'a0N,\'a0Liu\'a0Y.\'a0Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effectiveness and safety of tigecycline for treatment of infectious disease.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02011;55(3):1162\'961172.\
357. Yahav\'a0D,\'a0Lador\'a0A,\'a0Paul\'a0M,\'a0Leibovici\'a0L.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline: a systematic review and meta-analysis.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02011;66(9):1963\'961971.\
358. Tasina\'a0E,\'a0Haidich\'a0A.B,\'a0Kokkali\'a0S,\'a0Arvanitidou\'a0M.\'a0Efficacy and safety of tigecycline for the treatment of infectious diseases: a meta-analysis.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02011;11(11):834\'96844.\
359. Stein\'a0G.E,\'a0Craig\'a0W.A.\'a0Tigecycline: a critical analysis.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02006;43(4):518\'96524.\
360. Zimmerman\'a0J.J,\'a0Harper\'a0D.M,\'a0Matschke\'a0K,\'a0Speth\'a0J.L,\'a0Raible\'a0D.G,\'a0Fruncillo\'a0R.J.\'a0Absence of an interaction between tigecycline and digoxin in healthy men.\'a0Pharmacother.\'a02007;27(6):835\'96844.\
361. US Food and Drug Administration. Xerava: highlights of prescribing information; revised 8/2018. https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/drugsatfda_docs/label/2018/211109lbl.pdf. (Accessed November 3, 2018).\
362. US Food and Drug Administration, .\'a0FDA briefing document: omadacycline injection and oral tablets.\'a0https://www.fda.gov/downloads/AdvisoryCommittees/CommitteesMeetingMaterials/Drugs/Anti-InfectiveDrugsAdvisoryCommittee/UCM615848.pdf.\
363. US Food and Drug Administration. Antimicrobial resistance information from FDA; page last updated 11/5/18. https://www.fda.gov/EmergencyPreparedness/Counterterrorism/MedicalCountermeasures/MCMIssues/ucm620149.htm. (Accessed November 9, 2018).\
364. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Cheung\'a0D,\'a0Adam\'a0H,\'a0et al.\'a0Review of eravacycline, a novel fluorocycline antibacterial agent.\'a0Drugs.\'a02016;76(5):567\'96588.\
365. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Esquivel\'a0J,\'a0Zelenitsky\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0Omadacycline: a novel oral and intravenous aminomethylcycline antibiotic agent.\'a0Drugs.\'a02020;80(3):285\'96313.\
366. Asempa\'a0T.E,\'a0Izmailyan\'a0S,\'a0Lawrence\'a0K,\'a0Nicolau\'a0D.P.\'a0Efficacy and safety of eravacycline in Obese patients: a Post Hoc analysis of pooled data from the IGNITE1 and IGNITE4 clinical trials.\'a0Open Forum Infect Dis.\'a02020;7(12):ofaa548.\
367. Leighton\'a0A,\'a0Zupanets\'a0I,\'a0Bezugla\'a0N,\'a0Plamondon\'a0G,\'a0Macdonald\'a0G,\'a0Sutcliffe\'a0J.\'a0Broad-spectrum Fluorocycline TP-434 Has Oral Bioavailability in Humans [abstract No. 1509].\'a0Milan:\'a021st European Congress of Clinical Microbiology and Infectious Diseases/27th International Congress of Chemotherapy;\'a02011.\
368. Sun\'a0H,\'a0Ting\'a0L,\'a0Machineni\'a0S,\'a0et al.\'a0Randomized, open-label study of the pharmacokinetics and safety of oral and intravenous administration of omadacycline to healthy subjects.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02016;60(12):7431\'967435.\
369. Flarakos\'a0J,\'a0Du\'a0Y,\'a0Gu\'a0H,\'a0et al.\'a0Clinical disposition, metabolism and in\'a0vitro drug-drug interaction properties of omadacycline.\'a0Xenobiotica.\'a02017;47(8):682\'96696.\
370. Connors\'a0K.P,\'a0Housman\'a0S.T,\'a0Pope\'a0J.S,\'a0et al.\'a0Phase I, open-label, safety and pharmacokinetic study to assess bronchopulmonary disposition of intravenous eravacycline in healthy men and women.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02014;58(4):2113\'962118.\
371. Gotfried M.H., Horn K., Garrity-Ryan L., et\'a0al. Comparison of omadacycline and tigecycline pharmacokinetics in the plasma, Epithelial Lining fluid, and Alveolar cells of healthy adult subjects. Antimicrob Agents Chemother. 2017;61(9):e01135-17\
372. Berg J.K., Tzanis E., Garrity-Ryan L., et\'a0al. Pharmacokinetics and safety of omadacycline in subjects with impaired renal function. Antimicrob Agents Chemother. 2018;62(2):e02057-17\
373. Lin W., Flarakos J., Du Y., et\'a0al. Pharmacokinetics, distribution, metabolism, and excretion of omadacycline following a single intravenous or oral dose of 14C-omadacycline in Rats. Antimicrob Agents Chemother. 2017;61(1):e01784-16\
374. Newman J.V., Zhou J., Izmailyan S., Tsai L.. Mass balance and drug interaction potential of intravenous eravacycline administered to healthy subjects. Antimicrob Agents Chemother. 2019;63(3):e01810-18\
375. Sutcliffe\'a0J.A,\'a0O\'92Brien\'a0W,\'a0Fyfe\'a0C,\'a0Grossman\'a0T.H.\'a0Antibacterial activity of eravacycline (TP-434), a novel fluorocycline, against hospital and community pathogens.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02013;57(11):5548\'965558.\
376. Zhanel\'a0G.G,\'a0Baxter\'a0M.R,\'a0Adam\'a0H.J,\'a0Sutcliffe\'a0J,\'a0Karlowsky\'a0J.A.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of eravacycline against 2213 Gram-negative and 2424 Gram-positive bacterial pathogens isolated in Canadian hospital laboratories: CANWARD surveillance study 2014-2015.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02018;91(1):55\'9662.\
377. Morrissey I., Hawser S., Lob S.H., et\'a0al. In\'a0vitro activity of eravacycline against gram-positive bacteria isolated in clinical laboratories worldwide from 2013 to 2017. Antimicrob Agents Chemother. 2020;64(3):e01715-19\
378. Macone\'a0A.B,\'a0Caruso\'a0B.K,\'a0Leahy\'a0R.G,\'a0et al.\'a0In\'a0vitro and in\'a0vivo antibacterial activities of omadacycline, a novel aminomethylcycline.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02014;58(2):1127\'961135.\
379. Pfaller\'a0M.A,\'a0Huband\'a0M.D,\'a0Shortridge\'a0D,\'a0Flamm\'a0R.K.\'a0Surveillance of omadacycline activity tested against clinical isolates from the USA: report from the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program, 2019.\'a0J Glob Antimicrob Resist.\'a02021;27:337\'96351.\
380. Grossman\'a0T.H,\'a0Starosta\'a0A.L,\'a0Fyfe\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0Target- and resistance-based mechanistic studies with TP-434, a novel fluorocycline antibiotic.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02012;56(5):2559\'962564.\
381. Stapert L., Wolfe C., Shinabarger D., Marra A., Pillar C.. In\'a0vitro activities of omadacycline and comparators against anaerobic bacteria. Antimicrob Agents Chemother. 2018;62(4):e00047-18\
382. Waites K.B., Crabb D.M., Xiao L., Duffy L.B., Leal Jr. S.M.. In\'a0vitro activities of eravacycline and other antimicrobial agents against human mycoplasmas and ureaplasmas. Antimicrob Agents Chemother. 2020;64(8):e00698-20\
383. Dubois J., Dubois M., Martel J.F.. In\'a0vitro and Intracellular activities of omadacycline against Legionella pneumophila. Antimicrob Agents Chemother. 2020;64(5):e01972-19\
384. Waites\'a0K.B,\'a0Crabb\'a0D.M,\'a0Liu\'a0Y,\'a0Duffy\'a0L.B.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of omadacycline (PTK 0796) and other antimicrobial agents against human mycoplasmas and ureaplasmas.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02016;60(12):7502\'967504.\
385. Kohlhoff S.A., Huerta N., Hammerschlag M.R.. In\'a0vitro activity of omadacycline against Chlamydia pneumoniae. Antimicrob Agents Chemother. 2019;63(2):e01907-18\
386. Brown-Elliott\'a0B.A,\'a0Wallace\'a0RJ.\'a0J.r.\'a0In\'a0vitro susceptibility testing of eravacycline against Nontuberculous mycobacteria.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02022;66(9):e0068922.\
387. Brown-Elliott B.A., Wallace RJ. J.r.. In\'a0vitro susceptibility testing of omadacycline against Nontuberculous mycobacteria. Antimicrob Agents Chemother. 2021;65(3):e01947-20\
388. Stets\'a0R,\'a0Popescu\'a0M,\'a0Gonong\'a0J.R,\'a0et al.\'a0Omadacycline for community-acquired bacterial pneumonia.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02019;380(6):517\'96527.\
389. Scott\'a0C.J,\'a0Zhu\'a0E,\'a0Jayakumar\'a0R.A,\'a0Shan\'a0G,\'a0Viswesh\'a0V.\'a0Efficacy of eravacycline versus best Previously available therapy for adults with pneumonia due to difficult-to-treat resistant (DTR) Acinetobacter baumannii.\'a0Ann Pharmacother.\'a02022;56(12):1299\'961307.\
390. Van Hise\'a0N,\'a0Petrak\'a0R.M,\'a0Skorodin\'a0N.C,\'a0et al.\'a0A real-World Assessment of clinical outcomes and safety of eravacycline: a novel fluorocycline.\'a0Infect Dise Ther.\'a02020;9(4):1017\'961028.\
391. Alosaimy\'a0S,\'a0Molina\'a0K.C,\'a0Claeys\'a0K.C,\'a0et al.\'a0Early experience with eravacycline for complicated infections.\'a0Open Forum Infect Dis.\'a02020;7(5):ofaa071.\
392. Hobbs\'a0A.L.V,\'a0Gelfand\'a0M.S,\'a0Cleveland\'a0K.O,\'a0Saddler\'a0K,\'a0Sierra-Hoffman\'a0M.A.\'a0A retrospective, multicentre evaluation of eravacycline utilisation in community and academic hospitals.\'a0J Glob Antimicrob Resist.\'a02022;29:430\'96433.\
393. O\'92Riordan\'a0W,\'a0Green\'a0S,\'a0Overcash\'a0J.S,\'a0et al.\'a0Omadacycline for acute bacterial skin and skin-structure infections.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02019;380(6):528\'96538.\
394. O\'92Riordan\'a0W,\'a0Cardenas\'a0C,\'a0Shin\'a0E,\'a0et al.\'a0Once-daily oral omadacycline versus twice-daily Oral Linezolid For Acute Bacterial Skin And Skin Structure Infections (OASIS-2): a phase 3, double-blind, multicentre, randomised, controlled, non-inferiority trial.\'a0Lancet Infect Dis.\'a02019;19(10):1080\'961090.\
395. Abrahamian\'a0F.M,\'a0Sakoulas\'a0G,\'a0Tzanis\'a0E,\'a0et al.\'a0Omadacycline for acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02019;69(Suppl 1):S23\'96s32.\
396. Solomkin\'a0J,\'a0Evans\'a0D,\'a0Slepavicius\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Assessing the efficacy and safety of eravacycline vs ertapenem in complicated intra-abdominal infections in the Investigating Gram-Negative Infections Treated With Eravacycline (IGNITE 1) trial: a randomized clinical trial.\'a0JAMA Surgery.\'a02017;152(3):224\'96232.\
397. Solomkin\'a0J.S,\'a0Gardovskis\'a0J,\'a0Lawrence\'a0K,\'a0et al.\'a0IGNITE4: results of a phase 3, randomized, multicenter, prospective trial of eravacycline vs meropenem in the treatment of complicated intraabdominal infections.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a02019;69(6):921\'96929.\
398. Tetraphase Announces Top-Line Results From IGNITE2 Phase 3 Clinical Trial of Eravacycline in cUTI. https://www.globenewswire.com/en/news-release/2015/09/08/766838/34757/en/Tetraphase-Announces-Top-Line-Results-From-IGNITE2-Phase-3-Clinical-Trial-of-Eravacycline-in-cUTI.html. (Accessed October 13, 2022).\
399. Tetraphase Announces Top-Line Results from IGNITE3 Phase 3 Clinical Trial of Eravacycline in Complicated Urinary Tract Infections (cUTI). https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2018/02/13/1340188/0/en/Tetraphase-Announces-Top-Line-Results-from-IGNITE3-Phase-3-Clinical-Trial-of-Eravacycline-in-Complicated-Urinary-Tract-Infections-cUTI.html. (Accessed October 13, 2022).\
400. Sakoulas\'a0G,\'a0Eckburg\'a0P.B,\'a0Amodio-Groton\'a0M,\'a0et al.\'a0Clinical efficacy of patients with secondary bacteremia treated with omadacycline: results from phase 3 acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections and community-acquired bacterial pneumonia studies.\'a0Open Forum Infect Dis.\'a02021;8(6):ofab136.\
401. Morrisette\'a0T,\'a0Alosaimy\'a0S,\'a0Lagnf\'a0A.M,\'a0et al.\'a0Real-world, multicenter case series of patients treated with oral omadacycline for resistant gram-negative pathogens.\'a0Infect Dis Ther.\'a02022;11(4):1715\'961723.\
402. Pearson\'a0J.C,\'a0Dionne\'a0B,\'a0Richterman\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Omadacycline for the treatment of Mycobacterium abscessus disease: a case series.\'a0Open Forum Infect Dis.\'a02020;7(10):ofaa415.\
403. Duah\'a0M,\'a0Beshay\'a0M.\'a0Omadacycline in first-line combination therapy for pulmonary Mycobacterium abscessus infection: a case series.\'a0Int J Infect Dis.\'a02022;122:953\'96956.\
404. Abdallah\'a0M,\'a0Olafisoye\'a0O,\'a0Cortes\'a0C,\'a0Urban\'a0C,\'a0Landman\'a0D,\'a0Quale\'a0J.\'a0Activity of eravacycline against Enterobacteriaceae and Acinetobacter baumannii, including multidrug-resistant isolates, from New York City.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02015;59(3):1802\'961805.\
405. Nguyen\'a0F,\'a0Starosta\'a0A.L,\'a0Arenz\'a0S,\'a0Sohmen\'a0D,\'a0D\'f6nh\'f6fer\'a0A,\'a0Wilson\'a0D.N.\'a0Tetracycline antibiotics and resistance mechanisms.\'a0Biol Chem.\'a02014;395(5):559\'96575.\
406. Heidrich C.G., Mitova S., Schedlbauer A., et\'a0al. The novel aminomethylcycline omadacycline has high specificity for the primary tetracycline-binding site on the bacterial ribosome. Antibiotics (Basel). 2016;5(4):32\
407. Tzanis\'a0E,\'a0Manley\'a0A,\'a0Villano\'a0S,\'a0Tanaka\'a0S.K,\'a0Bai\'a0S,\'a0Loh\'a0E.\'a0Effect of food on the bioavailability of omadacycline in healthy participants.\'a0J Clin Pharmacol.\'a02017;57(3):321\'96327.\
408. Ehrlich\'a0J,\'a0Bartz\'a0Q.R,\'a0Smith\'a0R.M,\'a0Joslyn\'a0D.A,\'a0Burkholder\'a0P.R.\'a0Chloromycetin, a new antibiotic from a Soil Actinomycete.\'a0Science.\'a01947;106(2757):417.\
409. Rich\'a0M.L,\'a0Ritterhoff\'a0R.J,\'a0Hoffmann\'a0R.J.\'a0A fatal case of aplastic anemia following chloramphenicol (chloromycetin) therapy.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01950;33(6):1459\'961467.\
410. MacLaren\'a0G,\'a0Shann\'a0F.\'a0Chloramphenicol and thiamphenicol.\'a0In:\'a0Grayson\'a0M.L,\'a0ed.\'a0Kucers\'92 the Use of Antibiotics.\'a06th ed.\'a0Hodder Arnold/ASM Press;\'a02010:1008\'961029.\
411. Vince\'a0R,\'a0Almquist\'a0R.G,\'a0Ritter\'a0C.L,\'a0Daluge\'a0S.\'a0Chloramphenicol binding site with analogues of chloramphenicol and puromycin.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;8(4):439\'96443.\
412. Pestka\'a0S.\'a0Inhibitors of ribosome functions.\'a0Annual Review of Microbiology.\'a01971;25:487\'96562.\
413. Green\'a0C.E,\'a0Cameron\'a0H.J,\'a0Julian\'a0G.R.\'a0Recovery of polysome function of T4-infected Escherichia coli after brief treatment with chloramphenicol and rifampin.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01975;7(5):549\'96554.\
414. Rahal\'a0Jr.\'a0J.J,\'a0Simberkoff\'a0M.S.\'a0Bactericidal and bacteriostatic action of chloramphenicol against meningeal pathogens.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01979;16(1):13\'9618.\
415. Manyan\'a0D.R,\'a0Arimura\'a0G.K,\'a0Yunis\'a0A.A.\'a0Chloramphenicol-induced erythroid suppression and bone marrow ferrochelatase activity in dogs.\'a0J Lab Clin Med.\'a01972;79(1):137\'96144.\
416. Kauffman\'a0R.E,\'a0Miceli\'a0J.N,\'a0Strebel\'a0L,\'a0Buckley\'a0J.A,\'a0Done\'a0A.K,\'a0Dajani\'a0A.S.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of chloramphenicol and chloramphenicol succinate in infants and children.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a01981;98(2):315\'96320.\
417. Yogev\'a0R,\'a0Kolling\'a0W.M,\'a0Williams\'a0T.\'a0Pharmacokinetic comparison of intravenous and oral chloramphenicol in patients with Haemophilus influenzae meningitis.\'a0Pediatrics.\'a01981;67(5):656\'96660.\
418. Hammett-Stabler\'a0C.A,\'a0Johns\'a0T.\'a0Laboratory guidelines for monitoring of antimicrobial drugs. National Academy of Clinical Biochemistry.\'a0Clin Chem.\'a01998;44(5):1129\'961140.\
419. Smith\'a0A.L,\'a0Weber\'a0A.\'a0Pharmacology of chloramphenicol.\'a0Pediatr Clin North Am.\'a01983;30(1):209\'96236.\
420. Slaughter\'a0R.L,\'a0Cerra\'a0F.B,\'a0Koup\'a0J.R.\'a0Effect of hemodialysis on total body clearance of chloramphenicol.\'a0Am J Hosp Pharm.\'a01980;37(8):1083\'961086.\
421. Greenberg\'a0P.A,\'a0Sanford\'a0J.P.\'a0Removal and absorption of antibiotics in patients with renal failure undergoing peritoneal dialysis. Tetracycline, chloramphenicol, kanamycin, and colistimethate.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01967;66(3):465\'96470.\'a0Page 351.e7.\
422. Koup\'a0J.R,\'a0Lau\'a0A.H,\'a0Brodsky\'a0B,\'a0Slaughter\'a0R.L.\'a0Chloramphenicol pharmacokinetics in hospitalized patients.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01979;15(5):651\'96657.\
423. DuPont\'a0H.L,\'a0Hornick\'a0R.B,\'a0Weiss\'a0C.F,\'a0Snyder\'a0M.J,\'a0Woodward\'a0T.E.\'a0Evaluation of chloramphenicol acid succinate therapy of induced typhoid fever and rocky mountain spotted fever.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01970;282(2):53\'9657.\
424. Kunin\'a0C.M,\'a0Glazko\'a0A.J,\'a0Finland\'a0M.\'a0Persistence of antibiotics in blood of patients with acute renal failure. II. Chloramphenicol and its metabolic products in the blood of patients with severe renal disease or hepatic cirrhosis.\'a0J Clin Invest.\'a01959;38:1498\'961508.\
425. Shah\'a0P.N,\'a0D\'92Souza\'a0J,\'a0Dattani\'a0K.K.\'a0Absorption of chloramphenicol by various routes of administration.\'a0J Med Res.\'a01977;65(4):549\'96553.\
426. Gerding\'a0D.N,\'a0Hall\'a0W.H,\'a0Schierl\'a0E.A.\'a0Antibiotic concentrations in ascitic fluid of patients with ascites and bacterial peritonitis.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01977;86(6):708\'96713.\
427. Rapp\'a0G.F,\'a0Griffith\'a0R.S,\'a0Hebble\'a0W.M.\'a0The permeability of traumatically inflamed synovial membrane to commonly used antibiotics.\'a0J Bone Joint Surg Am.\'a01966;48(8):1534\'961540.\
428. Balbi\'a0H.J.\'a0Chloramphenicol: a review.\'a0Pediatr Rev.\'a02004;25(8):284\'96288.\
429. Mayers\'a0M,\'a0Rush\'a0D,\'a0Madu\'a0A,\'a0Motyl\'a0M,\'a0Miller\'a0M.H.\'a0Pharmacokinetics of amikacin and chloramphenicol in the aqueous humor of rabbits.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01991;35(9):1791\'961798.\
430. Hand\'a0W.L,\'a0King-Thompson\'a0N.L,\'a0Steinberg\'a0T.H.\'a0Interactions of antibiotics and phagocytes.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01983;12(Suppl C):1\'9611.\
431. Neuhauser\'a0M,\'a0Pendland\'a0S.\'a0Chloramphenicol.\'a0In:\'a0Yu\'a0V.L,\'a0Edwards\'a0G,\'a0McKinnon\'a0P.S,\'a0Peolquin\'a0C,\'a0Morse\'a0G.D,\'a0eds.\'a0Antimicrobial Therapy and Vaccines, 2nd Edition. Vol II: Antimicrobial Agents.\'a02nd ed.\'a0Pittsburgh, PA:\'a0ESun Technologies LLC;\'a02005:121\'96129.\
432. Bell\'a0J.M,\'a0Turnidge\'a0J.D,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance trends in community-acquired respiratory tract pathogens in the Western Pacific Region and South Africa: report from the SENTRY antimicrobial surveillance program, (1998-1999) including an in\'a0vitro evaluation of BMS284756.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02002;19(2):125\'96132.\
433. Deshpande\'a0L.M,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N,\'a0Pfaller\'a0M.A.\'a0Accuracy of broth microdilution and E test methods for detecting chloramphenicol acetyl transferase mediated resistance in Streptococcus pneumoniae: geographic variations in the prevalence of resistance in the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program (1999).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02001;39(4):267\'96269.\
434. Hoban\'a0D.J,\'a0Biedenbach\'a0D.J,\'a0Mutnick\'a0A.H,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Pathogen of occurrence and susceptibility patterns associated with pneumonia in hospitalized patients in North America: results of the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Study (2000).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02003;45(4):279\'96285.\
435. Jones\'a0R.N,\'a0Ballow\'a0C.H,\'a0Biedenbach\'a0D.J,\'a0Deinhart\'a0J.A,\'a0Schentag\'a0J.J.\'a0Antimicrobial activity of quinupristin-dalfopristin (RP 59500, Synercid) tested against over 28,000 recent clinical isolates from 200 medical centers in the United States and Canada.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a01998;31(3):437\'96451.\
436. Marchese\'a0A,\'a0Debbia\'a0E.A,\'a0Tonoli\'a0E,\'a0Gualco\'a0L,\'a0Schito\'a0A.M.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of thiamphenicol against multiresistant Streptococcus pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae and Staphylococcus aureus in Italy.\'a0J Chemother.\'a02002;14(6):554\'96561.\
437. Weigel\'a0L.M,\'a0Donlan\'a0R.M,\'a0Shin\'a0D.H,\'a0et al.\'a0High-level vancomycin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates associated with a polymicrobial biofilm.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02007;51(1):231\'96238.\
438. Mutnick\'a0A.H,\'a0Biedenbach\'a0D.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Geographic variations and trends in antimicrobial resistance among Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium in the SENTRY Antimicrobial Surveillance Program (1997-2000).\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02003;46(1):63\'9668.\
439. Deshpande\'a0L.M,\'a0Fritsche\'a0T.R,\'a0Moet\'a0G.J,\'a0Biedenbach\'a0D.J,\'a0Jones\'a0R.N.\'a0Antimicrobial resistance and molecular epidemiology of vancomycin-resistant enterococci from North America and Europe: a report from the SENTRY antimicrobial surveillance program.\'a0Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis.\'a02007;58(2):163\'96170.\
440. Gill\'a0V.J,\'a0Manning\'a0C,\'a0Lamson\'a0M,\'a0Woltering\'a0P,\'a0Pizzo\'a0P.A.\'a0Antibiotic-resistant group JK bacteria in hospitals.\'a0J Clin Microbiol.\'a01981;13(3):472\'96477.\
441. Gutmann\'a0L,\'a0Goldstein\'a0F.W,\'a0Kitzis\'a0M.D,\'a0Hautefort\'a0B,\'a0Darmon\'a0C,\'a0Acar\'a0J.F.\'a0Susceptibility of Nocardia asteroides to 46 antibiotics, including 22 beta-lactams.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01983;23(2):248\'96251.\
442. Blondeau\'a0J.M,\'a0Yaschuk\'a0Y.\'a0In\'a0vitro activities of ciprofloxacin, cefotaxime, ceftriaxone, chloramphenicol, and rifampin against fully susceptible and moderately penicillin-resistant Neisseria meningitidis.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01995;39(11):2577\'962579.\
443. Meless\'a0H,\'a0Abegaze\'a0B.\'a0Drug susceptibility of Neisseria isolates from patients attending clinics for sexually transmitted diseases in Addis Ababa.\'a0East Afr Med J.\'a01997;74(7):447\'96449.\
444. Nys\'a0S,\'a0Okeke\'a0I.N,\'a0Kariuki\'a0S,\'a0Dinant\'a0G.J,\'a0Driessen\'a0C,\'a0Stobberingh\'a0E.E.\'a0Antibiotic resistance of faecal Escherichia coli from healthy volunteers from eight developing countries.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02004;54(5):952\'96955.\
445. Bean\'a0D.C,\'a0Livermore\'a0D.M,\'a0Papa\'a0I,\'a0Hall\'a0L.M.\'a0Resistance among Escherichia coli to sulphonamides and other antimicrobials now little used in man.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a02005;56(5):962\'96964.\
446. Finland\'a0M,\'a0Garner\'a0C,\'a0Wilcox\'a0C,\'a0Sabath\'a0L.D.\'a0Susceptibility of \'93enterobacteria\'94 to aminoglycoside antibiotics: comparisons with tetracyclines, polymyxins, chloramphenicol, and spectinomycin.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01976;134(Suppl):S57\'96S74.\
447. Rubinstein\'a0E,\'a0Shainberg\'a0B.\'a0In\'a0vitro activity of cinoxacin, ampicillin, and chloramphenicol against Shigella and nontyphoid Salmonella.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01977;11(4):577\'96579.\
448. Fontana\'a0R,\'a0Lo Cascio\'a0G,\'a0Ligozzi\'a0M,\'a0Friscia\'a0O,\'a0Oldoni\'a0T.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of respiratory isolates of Enterobacteriaceae and Staphylococcus aureus in Italy: incidence and trends over the period 1997-1999.\'a0Eur J Clin Microbiol.\'a02001;20(12):854\'96863.\
449. Preston\'a0M.A,\'a0Brown\'a0S,\'a0Borczyk\'a0A.A,\'a0Riley\'a0G,\'a0Krishnan\'a0C.\'a0Antimicrobial susceptibility of pathogenic Yersinia enterocolitica isolated in Canada from 1972 to 1990.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(9):2121\'962124.\
450. Li\'a0X.Z,\'a0Ma\'a0D,\'a0Livermore\'a0D.M,\'a0Nikaido\'a0H.\'a0Role of efflux pump(s) in intrinsic resistance of Pseudomonas aeruginosa: active efflux as a contributing factor to beta-lactam resistance.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(8):1742\'961752.\
451. Shakibaie\'a0M.R,\'a0Adeli\'a0S,\'a0Salehi\'a0M.H.\'a0Antibiotic resistance patterns and extended-spectrum \uc0\u946 -lactamase production among Acinetobacter spp. isolated from an intensive care Unit of a hospital in Kerman, Iran.\'a0Antimicrob Resist Infect Control.\'a02012;1(1):1.\
452. Friedman\'a0N.D,\'a0Korman\'a0T.M,\'a0Fairley\'a0C.K,\'a0Franklin\'a0J.C,\'a0Spelman\'a0D.W.\'a0Bacteraemia due to Stenotrophomonas maltophilia: an analysis of 45 episodes.\'a0J Infect Res.\'a02002;45(1):47\'9653.\
453. Eickhoff\'a0T.C,\'a0Bennett\'a0J.V,\'a0Hayes\'a0P.S,\'a0Feeley\'a0J.\'a0Pseudomonas pseudomallei: susceptibility to chemotherapeutic agents.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01970;121(2):95\'96102.\
454. Burns\'a0J.L,\'a0Hedin\'a0L.A,\'a0Lien\'a0D.M.\'a0Chloramphenicol resistance in Pseudomonas cepacia because of decreased permeability.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(2):136\'96141.\
455. Sutter\'a0V.L,\'a0Finegold\'a0S.M.\'a0Susceptibility of anaerobic bacteria to 23 antimicrobial agents.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01976;10(4):736\'96752.\
456. Rood\'a0J.I,\'a0Jefferson\'a0S,\'a0Bannam\'a0T.L,\'a0Wilkie\'a0J.M,\'a0Mullany\'a0P,\'a0Wren\'a0B.W.\'a0Hybridization analysis of three chloramphenicol resistance determinants from Clostridium perfringens and Clostridium difficile.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01989;33(9):1569\'961574.\
457. Delmee\'a0M,\'a0Avesani\'a0V.\'a0Correlation between serogroup and susceptibility to chloramphenicol, clindamycin, erythromycin, rifampicin and tetracycline among 308 isolates of Clostridium difficile.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01988;22(3):325\'96331.\
458. Snydman\'a0D.R,\'a0Jacobus\'a0N.V,\'a0McDermott\'a0L.A,\'a0et al.\'a0National survey on the susceptibility of Bacteroides fragilis group: report and analysis of trends in the United States from 1997 to 2004.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a02007;51(5):1649\'961655.\
459. Cevenini\'a0R,\'a0Donati\'a0M,\'a0Sambri\'a0V,\'a0Rumpianesi\'a0F,\'a0La Placa\'a0M.\'a0Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for the in-vitro detection of sensitivity of Chlamydia trachomatis to antimicrobial drugs.\'a0J Antimicrob Chemother.\'a01987;20(5):677\'96684.\
460. Denny\'a0F.W,\'a0Clyde\'a0Jr.\'a0W.A,\'a0Glezen\'a0W.P.\'a0Mycoplasma pneumoniae disease: clinical spectrum, pathophysiology, epidemiology, and control.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01971;123(1):74\'9692.\
461. Harrell\'a0G.T.\'a0Treatment of Rocky Mountain spotted fever with antibiotics.\'a0Ann N Y Acad Sci.\'a01952;55(6):1027\'961042.\
462. Hussein\'a0A.A,\'a0Abdel Rahman\'a0S.I.\'a0Meningococcal meningitis epidemic. A new role for single-dose oily chloramphenicol.\'a0Saudi Med J.\'a02002;23(7):797\'96801.\
463. Prasad\'a0K,\'a0Singhal\'a0T,\'a0Jain\'a0N,\'a0Gupta\'a0P.K.\'a0Third generation cephalosporins versus conventional antibiotics for treating acute bacterial meningitis.\'a0Cochrane Database Syst Rev.\'a02004(2):CD001832.\
464. Akpede\'a0G.O,\'a0Dawodu\'a0S.O,\'a0Umoffia\'a0M.E.\'a0Response to antimicrobial therapy in childhood bacterial meningitis in tropical Africa: report of a bi-centre experience in Nigeria, 1993-1998.\'a0Ann Trop Paediatr.\'a01999;19(3):237\'96243.\
465. Nathan\'a0N,\'a0Borel\'a0T,\'a0Djibo\'a0A,\'a0et al.\'a0Ceftriaxone as effective as long-acting chloramphenicol in short-course treatment of meningococcal meningitis during epidemics: a randomised non-inferiority study.\'a0Lancet.\'a02005;366(9482):308\'96313.\
466. Duke\'a0T,\'a0Michael\'a0A,\'a0Mokela\'a0D,\'a0Wal\'a0T,\'a0Reeder\'a0J.\'a0Chloramphenicol or ceftriaxone, or both, as treatment for meningitis in developing countries?\'a0Arch Dis Child.\'a02003;88(6):536\'96539.\
467. Friedland\'a0I.R,\'a0Klugman\'a0K.P.\'a0Failure of chloramphenicol therapy in penicillin-resistant pneumococcal meningitis.\'a0Lancet.\'a01992;339(8790):405\'96408.\
468. Laferriere\'a0C.I,\'a0Marks\'a0M.I.\'a0Chloramphenicol: properties and clinical use.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01982;1(4):257\'96264.\
469. Rehman\'a0A.U,\'a0Rehman\'a0T,\'a0Ali\'a0R.\'a0Multi-antibiotic resistant brain abscess sensitive only to chloramphenicol: a case report.\'a0Cases Journal.\'a02009;2:6352.\
470. Robertson\'a0R.P,\'a0Wahab\'a0M.F,\'a0Raasch\'a0F.O.\'a0Evaluation of chloramphenicol and ampicillin in salmonella enteric fever.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01968;278(4):171\'96176.\
471. Akalin\'a0H.E.\'a0Quinolones in the treatment of typhoid fever.\'a0Drugs.\'a01999;58(Suppl 2):52\'9654.\
472. Liberti\'a0A,\'a0Loiacono\'a0L.\'a0Ciprofloxacin versus chloramphenicol in the treatment of salmonella infection.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02000;16(3):347\'96348.\
473. Tatli\'a0M.M,\'a0Aktas\'a0G,\'a0Kosecik\'a0M,\'a0Yilmaz\'a0A.\'a0Treatment of typhoid fever in children with a flexible-duration of ceftriaxone, compared with 14-day treatment with chloramphenicol.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02003;21(4):350\'96353.\
474. Sood\'a0S,\'a0Kapil\'a0A,\'a0Das\'a0B,\'a0Jain\'a0Y,\'a0Kabra\'a0S.K.\'a0Re-emergence of chloramphenicol-sensitive Salmonella typhi.\'a0Lancet.\'a01999;353(9160):1241\'961242.\
475. Snyder\'a0M.J,\'a0Gonzalez\'a0O,\'a0Palomino\'a0C,\'a0et al.\'a0Comparative efficacy of chloramphenicol, ampicillin, and co-trimoxazole in the treatment of typhoid fever.\'a0Lancet.\'a01976;2(7996):1155\'961157.\
476. Parry\'a0C.M,\'a0Hien\'a0T.T,\'a0Dougan\'a0G,\'a0White\'a0N.J,\'a0Farrar\'a0J.J.\'a0Typhoid fever.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a02002;347(22):1770\'961782.\
477. Aserkoff\'a0B,\'a0Bennett\'a0J.V.\'a0Effect of antibiotic therapy in acute salmonellosis on the fecal excretion of salmonellae.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01969;281(12):636\'96640.\
478. Sirinavin\'a0S,\'a0Garner\'a0P.\'a0Antibiotics for treating salmonella gut infections.\'a0Cochrane Database Syst Rev.\'a02000(2):CD001167.\
479. Chiu\'a0C.H,\'a0Chuang\'a0C.H,\'a0Chiu\'a0S,\'a0Su\'a0L.H,\'a0Lin\'a0T.Y.\'a0Salmonella enterica serotype Choleraesuis infections in pediatric patients.\'a0Pediatrics.\'a02006;117(6):e1193\'96e1196.\
480. Walker\'a0D.H.\'a0Rocky Mountain spotted fever: a seasonal alert.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01995;20(5):1111\'961117.\
481. Holman\'a0R.C,\'a0Paddock\'a0C.D,\'a0Curns\'a0A.T,\'a0Krebs\'a0J.W,\'a0McQuiston\'a0J.H,\'a0Childs\'a0J.E.\'a0Analysis of risk factors for fatal Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever: evidence for superiority of tetracyclines for therapy.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a02001;184(11):1437\'961444.\
482. Norris\'a0A.H,\'a0Reilly\'a0J.P,\'a0Edelstein\'a0P.H,\'a0Brennan\'a0P.J,\'a0Schuster\'a0M.G.\'a0Chloramphenicol for the treatment of vancomycin-resistant enterococcal infections.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01995;20(5):1137\'961144.\
483. Ricaurte\'a0J.C,\'a0Boucher\'a0H.W,\'a0Turett\'a0G.S,\'a0Moellering\'a0R.C,\'a0Labombardi\'a0V.J,\'a0Kislak\'a0J.W.\'a0Chloramphenicol treatment for vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecium bacteremia.\'a0Clin Microbiol Infect.\'a02001;7(1):17\'9621.\
484. Mehta\'a0N.J,\'a0Khan\'a0I.A,\'a0Mehta\'a0R.N,\'a0Gulati\'a0A.\'a0Stenotrophomonas maltophilia endocarditis of prosthetic aortic valve: report of a case and review of literature.\'a0Heart & Lung.\'a02000;29(5):351\'96355.\
485. Lam\'a0R.F,\'a0Lai\'a0J.S,\'a0Ng\'a0J.S,\'a0Rao\'a0S.K,\'a0Law\'a0R.W,\'a0Lam\'a0D.S.\'a0Topical chloramphenicol for eye infections.\'a0Hong Kong Med J.\'a02002;8(1):44\'9647.\
486. Ramirez-Ortiz\'a0M.A,\'a0Rodriguez-Almaraz\'a0M,\'a0Ochoa-Diazlopez\'a0H,\'a0Diaz-Prieto\'a0P,\'a0Rodriguez-Suarez\'a0R.S.\'a0Randomised equivalency trial comparing 2.5% povidone-iodine eye drops and ophthalmic chloramphenicol for preventing neonatal conjunctivitis in a trachoma endemic area in southern Mexico.\'a0Br J Ophthalmol.\'a02007;91(11):1430\'961434.\
487. Rose\'a0P.W,\'a0Harnden\'a0A,\'a0Brueggemann\'a0A.B,\'a0et al.\'a0Chloramphenicol treatment for acute infective conjunctivitis in children in primary care: a randomised double-blind placebo-controlled trial.\'a0Lancet.\'a02005;366(9479):37\'9643.\
488. Everitt\'a0H.A,\'a0Little\'a0P.S,\'a0Smith\'a0P.W.\'a0A randomised controlled trial of management strategies for acute infective conjunctivitis in general practice.\'a0BMJ.\'a02006;333(7563):321.\
489. Dennis\'a0D.T,\'a0Inglesby\'a0T.V,\'a0Henderson\'a0D.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Tularemia as a biological weapon: medical and public health management.\'a0JAMA.\'a02001;285(21):2763\'962773.\
490. Inglesby\'a0T.V,\'a0Dennis\'a0D.T,\'a0Henderson\'a0D.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Plague as a biological weapon: medical and public health management. Working Group on Civilian Biodefense.\'a0JAMA.\'a02000;283(17):2281\'962290.\
491. Inglesby\'a0T.V,\'a0O\'92Toole\'a0T,\'a0Henderson\'a0D.A,\'a0et al.\'a0Anthrax as a biological weapon, 2002: updated recommendations for management.\'a0JAMA.\'a02002;287(17):2236\'962252.\'a0Page 351.e8.\
492. Miyamura\'a0S,\'a0Ochiai\'a0H,\'a0Nitahara\'a0Y,\'a0Nakagawa\'a0Y,\'a0Terao\'a0M.\'a0Resistance mechanism of chloramphenicol in Streptococcus haemolyticus, Streptococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus faecalis.\'a0Microbiol Immunol.\'a01977;21(2):69\'9676.\
493. Goldstein\'a0F.W,\'a0Chumpitaz\'a0J.C,\'a0Guevara\'a0J.M,\'a0Papadopoulou\'a0B,\'a0Acar\'a0J.F,\'a0Vieu\'a0J.F.\'a0Plasmid-mediated resistance to multiple antibiotics in Salmonella typhi.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01986;153(2):261\'96266.\
494. Datta\'a0N,\'a0Richards\'a0H,\'a0Datta\'a0C.\'a0Salmonella typhi in\'a0vivo acquires resistance to both chloramphenicol and co-trimoxazole.\'a0Lancet.\'a01981;1(8231):1181\'961183.\
495. Rowe\'a0B,\'a0Ward\'a0L.R,\'a0Threlfall\'a0E.J.\'a0Multidrug-resistant Salmonella typhi: a worldwide epidemic.\'a0Clin Infect Dis.\'a01997;24(Suppl 1):S106\'96S109.\
496. Alonso\'a0A,\'a0Martinez\'a0J.L.\'a0Multiple antibiotic resistance in Stenotrophomonas maltophilia.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01997;41(5):1140\'961142.\
497. Burns\'a0J.L,\'a0Rubens\'a0C.E,\'a0Mendelman\'a0P.M,\'a0Smith\'a0A.L.\'a0Cloning and expression in Escherichia coli of a gene encoding nonenzymatic chloramphenicol resistance from Pseudomonas aeruginosa.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01986;29(3):445\'96450.\
498. Burns\'a0J.L,\'a0Mendelman\'a0P.M,\'a0Levy\'a0J,\'a0Stull\'a0T.L,\'a0Smith\'a0A.L.\'a0A permeability barrier as a mechanism of chloramphenicol resistance in Haemophilus influenzae.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01985;27(1):46\'9654.\
499. Butaye\'a0P,\'a0Cloeckaert\'a0A,\'a0Schwarz\'a0S.\'a0Mobile genes coding for efflux-mediated antimicrobial resistance in Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02003;22(3):205\'96210.\
500. McMurry\'a0L.M,\'a0George\'a0A.M,\'a0Levy\'a0S.B.\'a0Active efflux of chloramphenicol in susceptible Escherichia coli strains and in multiple-antibiotic-resistant (Mar) mutants.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01994;38(3):542\'96546.\
501. Osawa\'a0S,\'a0Takata\'a0R,\'a0Tanaka\'a0K,\'a0Tamaki\'a0M.\'a0Chloramphenicol resistant mutants of Bacillus subtilis.\'a0Molecular & General Genetics: MGG.\'a01973;127(2):163\'96173.\
502. Yunis\'a0A.A.\'a0Chloramphenicol-induced bone marrow suppression.\'a0Semin Hematol.\'a01973;10(3):225\'96234.\
503. Scott\'a0J.L,\'a0Finegold\'a0S.M,\'a0Belkin\'a0G.A,\'a0Lawrence\'a0J.S.\'a0A controlled double-blind study of the hematologic toxicity of chloramphenicol.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01965;272:1137\'961142.\
504. McCaffrey\'a0R.P,\'a0Halsted\'a0C.H,\'a0Wahab\'a0M.F,\'a0Robertson\'a0R.P.\'a0Chloramphenicol-induced hemolysis in Caucasian glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency.\'a0Ann Intern Med.\'a01971;74(5):722\'96726.\
505. Wallerstein\'a0R.O,\'a0Condit\'a0P.K,\'a0Kasper\'a0C.K,\'a0Brown\'a0J.W,\'a0Morrison\'a0F.R.\'a0Statewide study of chloramphenicol therapy and fatal aplastic anemia.\'a0JAMA.\'a01969;208(11):2045\'962050.\
506. Davis\'a0S,\'a0Rubin\'a0A.D.\'a0Treatment and prognosis in aplastic anaemia.\'a0Lancet.\'a01972;1(7756):871\'96873.\
507. Murray\'a0T,\'a0Downey\'a0K.M,\'a0Yunis\'a0A.A.\'a0Degradation of isolated deoxyribonucleic acid mediated by nitroso-chloramphenicol. Possible role in chloramphenicol-induced aplastic anemia.\'a0Biochem Pharmacol.\'a01982;31(13):2291\'962296.\
508. Jimenez\'a0J.J,\'a0Arimura\'a0G.K,\'a0Abou-Khalil\'a0W.H,\'a0Isildar\'a0M,\'a0Yunis\'a0A.A.\'a0Chloramphenicol-induced bone marrow injury: possible role of bacterial metabolites of chloramphenicol.\'a0Blood.\'a01987;70(4):1180\'961185.\
509. Yunis\'a0A.A,\'a0Arimura\'a0G.K,\'a0Isildar\'a0M.\'a0DNA damage induced by chloramphenicol and its nitroso derivative: damage in intact cells.\'a0Am J Hematol.\'a01987;24(1):77\'9684.\
510. Nagao\'a0T,\'a0Mauer\'a0A.M.\'a0Concordance for drug-induced aplastic anemia in identical twins.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01969;281(1):7\'9611.\
511. Morley\'a0A,\'a0Trainor\'a0K,\'a0Remes\'a0J.\'a0Residual marrow damage: possible explanation for idiosyncrasy to chloramphenicol.\'a0Br J Haematol.\'a01976;32(4):525\'96531.\
512. Holt\'a0R.\'a0The bacterial degradation of chloramphenicol.\'a0Lancet.\'a01967;1(7502):1259\'961260.\
513. Daum\'a0R.S,\'a0Cohen\'a0D.L,\'a0Smith\'a0A.L.\'a0Fatal aplastic anemia following apparent \'93dose-related\'94 chloramphenicol toxicity.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a01979;94(3):403\'96406.\
514. Plaut\'a0M.E,\'a0Best\'a0W.R.\'a0Aplastic anemia after parenteral chloramphenicol: warning renewed.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01982;306(24):1486.\
515. Alavi\'a0J.B.\'a0Aplastic anemia associated with intravenous chloramphenicol.\'a0Am J Hematol.\'a01983;15(4):375\'96379.\
516. West\'a0B.C,\'a0DeVault\'a0Jr.\'a0G.A,\'a0Clement\'a0J.C,\'a0Williams\'a0D.M.\'a0Aplastic anemia associated with parenteral chloramphenicol: review of 10 cases, including the second case of possible increased risk with cimetidine.\'a0Rev Infect Dis.\'a01988;10(5):1048\'961051.\
517. Lancaster\'a0T,\'a0Swart\'a0A.M,\'a0Jick\'a0H.\'a0Risk of serious haematological toxicity with use of chloramphenicol eye drops in a British general practice database.\'a0BMJ.\'a01998;316(7132):667.\
518. Laporte\'a0J.R,\'a0Vidal\'a0X,\'a0Ballarin\'a0E,\'a0Ibanez\'a0L.\'a0Possible association between ocular chloramphenicol and aplastic anaemia--the absolute risk is very low.\'a0Br J Clin Pharmacol.\'a01998;46(2):181\'96184.\
519. Wiholm\'a0B.E,\'a0Kelly\'a0J.P,\'a0Kaufman\'a0D,\'a0et al.\'a0Relation of aplastic anaemia to use of chloramphenicol eye drops in two international case-control studies.\'a0BMJ.\'a01998;316(7132):666.\
520. Shu\'a0X.O,\'a0Gao\'a0Y.T,\'a0Linet\'a0M.S,\'a0et al.\'a0Chloramphenicol use and childhood leukaemia in Shanghai.\'a0Lancet.\'a01987;2(8565):934\'96937.\
521. Zheng\'a0W,\'a0Linet\'a0M.S,\'a0Shu\'a0X.O,\'a0Pan\'a0R.P,\'a0Gao\'a0Y.T,\'a0Fraumeni\'a0Jr.\'a0J.F.\'a0Prior medical conditions and the risk of adult leukemia in Shanghai, People\'92s Republic of China.\'a0Cancer Causes Control.\'a01993;4(4):361\'96368.\
522. Doody\'a0M.M,\'a0Linet\'a0M.S,\'a0Glass\'a0A.G,\'a0et al.\'a0Risks of non-Hodgkin\'92s lymphoma, multiple myeloma, and leukemia associated with common medications.\'a0Epidemiology.\'a01996;7(2):131\'96139.\
523. Sutherland\'a0J.M.\'a0Fatal cardiovascular collapse of infants receiving large amounts of chloramphenicol.\'a0AMA Am J Dis Child.\'a01959;97(6):761\'96767.\
524. Werner\'a0J.C,\'a0Whitman\'a0V,\'a0Schuler\'a0H.G,\'a0et al.\'a0Acute myocardial effects of chloramphenicol in newborn pigs: a possible insight into the gray baby syndrome.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01985;152(2):344\'96350.\
525. Suarez\'a0C.R,\'a0Ow\'a0E.P.\'a0Chloramphenicol toxicity associated with severe cardiac dysfunction.\'a0Pediatr Cardiol.\'a01992;13(1):48\'9651.\
526. Thompson\'a0W.L,\'a0Anderson\'a0S.E,\'a0Lipsky\'a0J.J,\'a0Lietman\'a0P.S.\'a0Letter: Overdoses of chloramphenicol.\'a0JAMA.\'a01975;234(2):149\'96150.\
527. Evans\'a0L.S,\'a0Kleiman\'a0M.B.\'a0Acidosis as a presenting feature of chloramphenicol toxicity.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a01986;108(3):475\'96477.\
528. Stevens\'a0D.C,\'a0Kleiman\'a0M.B,\'a0Lietman\'a0P.S,\'a0Schreiner\'a0R.L.\'a0Exchange transfusion in acute chloramphenicol toxicity.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a01981;99(4):651\'96653.\
529. Freundlich\'a0M,\'a0Cynamon\'a0H,\'a0Tamer\'a0A,\'a0Steele\'a0B,\'a0Zilleruelo\'a0G,\'a0Strauss\'a0J.\'a0Management of chloramphenicol intoxication in infancy by charcoal hemoperfusion.\'a0J Pediatr.\'a01983;103(3):485\'96487.\
530. Woolf\'a0D.L.\'a0Chloramphenicol blindness.\'a0Br Med J.\'a01965;1(5449):1511.\
531. Fung\'a0A.T,\'a0Hudson\'a0B,\'a0Billson\'a0F.A.\'a0Chloramphenicol--not so innocuous: a case of optic neuritis.\'a0BMJ Case Rep.\'a02011;2011.\
532. Cahill\'a0K.M.\'a0Chloramphenicol hypersensitivity, a severe haemorrhagic reaction.\'a0Lancet.\'a01962;2(7250):277\'96278.\
533. Van Brummelen\'a0R,\'a0Myburgh\'a0S,\'a0Bissbort\'a0S.H.\'a0The influence of porphyrogenic drugs on the glyoxalase enzymes.\'a0Res Commun Chem Pathol Pharmacol.\'a01993;82(3):339\'96349.\
534. Ambrose\'a0C.T,\'a0Coons\'a0A.H.\'a0Studies on antibody production. VIII. The inhibitory effect of chloramphenicol on the synthesis of antibody in tissue culture.\'a0J Exp Med.\'a01963;117:1075\'961088.\
535. Christensen\'a0L.K,\'a0Skovsted\'a0L.\'a0Inhibition of drug metabolism by chloramphenicol.\'a0Lancet.\'a01969;2(7635):1397\'961399.\
536. Krasinski\'a0K,\'a0Kusmiesz\'a0H,\'a0Nelson\'a0J.D.\'a0Pharmacologic interactions among chloramphenicol, phenytoin and phenobarbital.\'a0Pediatr Infect Dis.\'a01982;1(4):232\'96235.\
537. Prober\'a0C.G.\'a0Effect of rifampin on chloramphenicol levels.\'a0N Engl J Med.\'a01985;312(12):788\'96789.\
538. Paisley\'a0J.W,\'a0Washington\'a02nd.\'a0J.A.\'a0Susceptibility of Escherichia coli K1 to four combinations of antimicrobial agents potentially useful for treatment of neonatal meningitis.\'a0J Infect Dis.\'a01979;140(2):183\'96191.\
539. Brown\'a0T.H,\'a0Alford\'a0R.H.\'a0Antagonism by chloramphenicol of broad-spectrum beta-lactam antibiotics against Klebsiella pneumoniae.\'a0Antimicrob Agents Chemother.\'a01984;25(4):405\'96407.\
540. Gradelski\'a0E,\'a0Kolek\'a0B,\'a0Bonner\'a0D.P,\'a0et al.\'a0Activity of gatifloxacin and ciprofloxacin in combination with other antimicrobial agents.\'a0Int J Antimicrob Agents.\'a02001;17(2):103\'96107.\
\
\
\
}